61
a/t RIPALH
pha UHD 408
Rs. 100
ONE
5. 100
HUNDRED RUPEES
Hrund arun
00100
HRA INDIA
100100
00100100100
00100100100
001001
001001
INDIA NON JUDICIAL
efecton HARYANA
H 599307
NORTHERN RAILWAY
PRIVATE SIDING AGREEMENT
MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT made this 15ᵗʰ Day of December, 2010
BETWEEN THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA acting through the Northern Railway
Administration (hereinafter called "The Railway Administration" of the ONE PART and
NDIAN OIL CORPORATION LIMITED (MD)
lereinafter called the Applicant) # of the other part).
WHEREAS THE Applicant is desirous of having a private siding laid by the Railway
dministration at Bahuli from the Bahuli Station yard of the Northern Railway taking
aff from kilometer No. 63.343 between, Khukhrans Station and Bahuli of the Northern
Railway. as shown in red and green on the plan bearing CE's No -
here to
annexed for the purpose of carrying on the Applicant's business in the Applicant's
numises situated at Bahuli Distt. Paninat
AND WHEREAS the Railway Administration is willing to lay the said siding for the said
pplicant upon and subject to the terms and conditions here - in- after set forth.
OW. THEREFORE this Agreement witness as follows:
Que
34
41.01.4199 (arr.eft.)
$1847 after
untive my
Sr. Divid Comml
S.
E.Rood
/
STANDARD FORM OF PRIVATE-SIDING AGREEMENT
NIRTHERN RAILWAY
MEMORANDUM.
OF
AGREEMENT
made
this
day of
19
BETWEEN THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA acting through
the
Railway dninistration
(hereinafter called The Railway Administration") of the ONE PARZ
and
(Hereinafter called the Applicant) of the other part).
WHEREAS THE Applicant is desirous of having a private siding laid by from the
Railway
Administration
at
the
station yard of the
Railway
station and
taking off from kilometre No.
between
station of the
Railway, as shown in red and
here to
green annexed for the purpose of carrying on the Applicant's business. District in the
on the plan begring CE's No
Applicant's premises situated at
AND WHEREAS the Railway Administration is willing to lay the said siding for set
the said Applicant upon and subject to the terms and obnditions here-in-after
forth:
NOW THEREFORE this Agreement witness as follows:
1.
Interpretation In these presents unless the context otherwise requires, the following
words and expressions have the meaning and shall be interpreted as
specified, namely:
a)
Words importing the singular number include the plural number and
vice versa.
b)
"Person" includes a firm. or other association or body of individuals and a
Company or other corporate body.
c)
"The Railway Administration" means the President of India, acting through
the General Manager for the time being Railway and any officer of the
Railway authorised by any such General Manager to deal with any
matters with which these presents are concerned.
d)
and includes in the case of a firm or other association or body of
"The Applicant" means the person named as party hereto of the other part
individuals, the individual person or persons for the time being and from
time to time constituting the firm, association or body and in the case of a
company, corporation or body corporate the successor in business of
interest such company, corporation or body corporate for the time being.
-1- -
On
37 North
Sr. Did Comml Manager/Fr.
S.E. Road, N.
e)
"Works" means the premises belonging to or occupied or used by the
Applicant which are connected with, the Railway system by the siding
herein before mentioned.
n
Undertaking" includes all land, railway lines, works buildings, engines,
rolling stock and other movable or immovable property now or at any time
hereafter forming part of or appertaining to the Railway system as now or
hereafter constituted and all engines and rolling stock (whether belonging
to the Railway system or not) passing over such system.
g)
'Railway system" includes Private and Assisted Sidings constructed by the
Railway Administration for the use of other persons.
Note: Forms of description of the applicant.
A
(Where a single person is the Applicant), "and A.B. (insert full name) of
(insert address and occupation)".
B
(Where two or more persons- are joint Applicants), "and A.B. (insert address
and occupation) and C.D. (insert full name) of (insert address and
occupation)".
C
(Where a single person trading under a different name is the Applicant)"
and A.B. (insert full name) of (insert address and occupation) carrying on
business under the name or style of (insert name) at (if the business is
carried on at a different address from the address already inserted then
insert such additional address)".
D
(Where a partnership firm is the Applicant and the names of the partner
known), and A.B. (full name) and C.D. (full name) carrying on business
partnership as (insert nature of business) under the style or firm of (insert
name or style of the firm and address)".
E
(Where a partnership firm is the Applicant and the names of the partners
are not known), "and A. & Co. (insert name or style of the firm) a
partnership firm carrying on business at (insert address) as (insert, nature
of business)".
F
(Where an incorporated Company is the Applicant), "A.B. & Co. Ltd a
company incorporated in (insert country of incorporation, e.g. India,
England or elsewhere, as the case may be) and having its registered office
at (insert address)" (In the case of a company incorporated elsewhere than
in India, add:) "and its principal office in India at (insert address)".
G
(Where the Applicant is a joint family governed by the Mitakshara School of
Hindu Law), A.B. (insert full name) for self and as karta or managing
member of the joint family governed by the Mitakshara School of Hindu
Law carrying on business under the name or style of (insert name under
2 -
Own
Sr. Divi. Commi.
3V
Northern
$1347 3RM TRA
united
S.E. Road, N.
which the joint family business is carried on) at (insert address) and
C.D.F.G.H., etc. (insert full name) being the other adult members of the said
joint family.
H
"Siding" includes the Railway track connecting the Applicant's Works with
the Northen Railway system as hereinafter agreed to be constructed by
the Railway Administration and all branches and extensions thereof which
ballast, embankments, bridges, tunnels, signals interlocking and
may hereafter be constructed by the Applicant's request and all sleepers,
telecommunication equipment, gates, buildings and other constructions,
erections, works and movable property constructed, erected, made,
provided or used in connection with said track and also all land whereon
or on part whereof the said track and connected things aforesaid are
constructed, erected, made, provided or used including land acquired for
the purpose thereof as hereinafter provided and land belonging to the
Railway Administration and land belonging to or occupied or used by the
Applicant.
I
"Sub-grade Work" includes the construction of embankments, the making of
cuttings and the carrying out of other earthwork, the construction of bridges
(exclusive of girder works), buildings, platforms, tunnels, culverts, drains
and openings and the laying out of ballast, and all other works necessary
to permit of the laying and construction of the railway track of the siding
and generally all works which have to be abandoned if the siding be
closed.
"Permanent Way Materials" includes girders, rails, sleepers fastenings,
points crossings, fencings signalling, interlocking and telecommunication
equipment and over-head structure and any other things connected
therewith for electric traction and other machinery (except station
machinery) and equipments necessary for working the siding.
K
"Legal Representative" means any person who is competent to give the
Railway Administration a valid discharge in respect of any money or
property which may be payable or deliverable to the Applicant and shall
include the executor and administrator of a deceased person a succession
certificate holder, the surviving or continuing partners or members in the
case of a firm, association or body of individuals the certificated guardian
of a minor's property, the committee of a lunatic, the assignee or receiver of
an insolvent's estate, the liquidator of a Company, a receiver and any
person legally appointed to represent the estate of the Applicant.
L
'Departmental Charges" means the charges leviable by the Railway
Administration, when work is undertaken by the Engineering
Department of a railway for outside parties, in terms of "the code of the
Engineering Department" (as revised from time to time).
M
"Overhead charges" This in the contest of the siding construction
include general charges, departmental charges and contingency
charges as decided/revised by the Railway from time to time
3
an
J4 Mysto,
чта
Dr. Divi. Commt. Montger/Fr,
Northern Raiway,
lisun sinne
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-11001
2>
Agreement to Construct Siding
Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter contained, the Railway
Administration will at the mist and expense of the Applicant in all respects
the land of the Applicant the said siding at or near Km 63.343 from on
construct partly on the land of the Railway Administration and partly on
PNP-BAHULI Branch as shown in red and green on the plant Annexed
hereto (bearing CE's. No
/ connecting the Applicant's work
known as 011 Regimery situated at or near BAHULI
in the
District of PANIPAT with the Northern Rey.
system at
or near BAHULI N. Railway.
3,
Preliminary Survey Expenses
a)
The Applicant shall bear and pay to the Railway Administration in advance
the sum of Rs. for the first track kilometre or part of a track kilometre of the
siding required and the sum of Rs. for every half track kilometre or fraction
thereof in excess of one track kilometre as cost of survey and preparation by
the Railway Administration of the plans and estimates for the siding when
the same will traverse in a flat terrain but in case of sidings through difficult
terrain, of which the Railway Administration shall be the sole judge, the
Applicant shall pay such sum as may be fixed by the Railway
Administration. The amount of Rs
and Rs
respectively as stated above are subject to increase from time to time at the
sole discretion of the Railway Administration on the circumstances of each
case and the Applicant shall be bound to bear and pay such sum. Single
copies of such plans and estimates will be sent to the Applicant on
completion. If additional copies of such plans and estimates are required to
be supplied, the Applicant shall have to pay such additional charges as may
be levied by the Chief Engineer. If the Applicant shall desire any alterations
to such plans involving further survey work the Applicant shall pay to the
Railway Administration in advance the cost of such further survey and the
preparation of amended plans and estimates at the rates and terms as
stated above in addition to the cost before mentioned.
Provided, however, that where a subsidiary or cuxiliary line requiring
additional survey work is proposed to be constructed off the main siding
but forming part of the same, the additional length of such divergent line
will be reckoned in- calculating the survey charges.
Provided further that the amounts mentioned in this clause shall not be
refundable under any circumstances when survey work has started but if
the survey work is not started at all the amount may be refundable
deducting such expenses as may be incurred.
b)
When the work of survey and construction of private siding is
allowed to be carried out by the party through and approved
consultant/ consulting Engineer, total charges (including all over
head
charges) to be recovered from the party shall be as fallows.
Our
-4-
964
(for disa with
37 THE (77)
Drsh.
Sr. Divl. Comml. Manner/Fr.
Northern Railway, DF
unive
S.E. Road, N.
L
Survey
a)
1% of the assessed cost of the project at the stage proposel of the party for
under taking the survey as approved by the Railways
b)
Balance amount to complete 2% of the estimated cost of the project while
applying for the final approval of the complete works.
Final Inspection:
II.
2% 0.° the cost of project while applying for final approval of the complete
works.
4.
Land
a)
The Railway land required for laying the siding will be licensed to the
Applicant. The Land outside the Railway boundary shall be acquired by
the Applicant. The Railway Administration, however, may assist the
Applicant for acquisition of land, all expenses towards acquisition of such
land including supervision charges shall be borne by the Applicant.
b)
The Railway land required for the siding will be licensed to the Applicant.
The Applicant will have to pay for land rent at the rate of 6% per annum of
the market value of the land or at such rate as may be fixed from time to
time, This licence fee will be revised every year with a national increase in
land value of 7% p.a. or as such rate may be revised from time to time over
the previous year market valued of land to arrive at the land value of
current year. The land outside the Railway boundaries shall be acquired
by the Applicant at his cost by purchase or otherwise.
c)
Licence fee of land: -The applicant shall pay to the Railway
Administration in advance on the first day of April every year such sum of
money as may be fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time as
yearly license fee for the use and occupation of land belonging to the
Railway Administration upon which the portion of the said siding and
works colored red on the said plan shall be situated, the first payment
thereof to be made on the 1st day
20
5.
Sub-grade work
The sub-grade work including earth-work, culverts and bridges, drains,
pitching and protection work and ballast supplying will be carried out at
the cost and expense of the Applicant either by his own agency or by the
Railway Administration on his request. When the works or part of them
are carried out by the Applicant the work should conform to the Railway
Administration's drawings and specifications and shall be executed under
the supervision of Engineering staff of the Railway Administration The
Applicant will have to pay the general charges for establishment and
otherwise as estimated subject to final adjustment as per actuals and
Departmental charges as provided in extant orders of the Railway
Iministration on the estimated cost of the work depending on the ngency
of execution,
Am
37 4615466 Minh,
NTCA
$1549
3r. Divi. Comml. Manager/Fr.
97-9153
Northern: Railway, DE
S.E Road, N. Delin
6.
a)
Payment bg the Applicant against the total estimated costs.
The Applicant will pay in advance to the Railway Administration the total
estimated cost of the work consisting of the estimated costs of work done
by the party and those by the Railway Administration and general charges
and departmental charges thereon. After completion of the work and
certification in writing by the Railway Engineer, the completion cost of
materials and labour and general changes based on actuals and
depo rimental charges as per rates, fixed from time to time added to it. in
case the completion cost is lower than the amount deposited, the difference
will be paid back to the Applicant and vice versa. No interest however,
shall be payable by the Railway Administration on any such amount
refundable to the Applicant. If the amount actually expended by the
Kailway Administration for the construction of the siding exceeds the
amount paid in advance by the party the Applicant shall pay to the
Railway Administration on demand the amount of the excess forthwith in
case the excess is upto 25% above the estimated cost. If the excess is more
than 2g% 0° the estimated cost, a revised estimate will be supplied by the
Railway Administration as and when such excess is known and the
Applicant will forthwith deposit the excess amount so involved.
b)
The Railway Administration may execute the work by its own
labour/through contractor or other agencies. If the Railway Administration
incurs any additional liability arising out of litigation or arbitration award
or any other dispute etc. after sanction of the estimate/drawing physical
progress of this work or even after sanction of "Commissioner of Railway
Safety, the applicant will have to discharges the debt liability and they will
be bound to pay the same within one month, from the date of the written
demand in this regard.
c)
Capital Cost: -The capital cost of all traffic facilities such as 'Y'
connection, additional lines at the serving station, patch doubling of the
section etc. shall be fully borne by the Railways. The distance for charging
of tariff, for each 'Y' connection shall, however be inflated/increas.:d by 5
(five) kilometers. However, the capital cost for augmenting the facilities,
within the premises of siding owner shall be borne by the siding owner.
d)
Capital cost of new Siding: The siding owner shall bear the capital cost
OHE, of the new siding from the take-off point at the serving station including
7.
Permanent Way Materials
a)
The Applicant will provide and deliver at site the Permanent Way and
other materials in accordance with the Railway Administration's
Standards and specifications as per the Railway Administration's
estimate, On completion to the satisfaction of the Railway Administration
of the sub-grade work the permanent way materials shall be laid by the
Railway Administration. All charges incurred in laying and fitting the
permanent way materials and all other equipments, which may be
provided, including freight at public tariff rates, material trains and
handling charges shall entirely be borne by the Applicant.
-6-
An
34
$1847 3144 smitem 191428
Sr. Divl. Commit
Phijelh
Northern
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-110001
may be food by the Railway Administration from time to time on such 20
In addition, the Applicant shall bear departmental and other charges cost as
payment by by the Applicant in advance of such cost and charges in respect
required the Applicant, provide any station machinery required, upon
borne by the Applicant. The. Railway Administration may also, if
thereof as shall be fuxed by the Railway Administration.
b)
Cost of Electrification of siding
1.
a)
For Existing sidings: - upto 5 KM if quantum of traffic is 5 BOXN/7BCN rakes cost
month siding of or length more, the same will be electrified at Railway's cost with a
per ceiling of Rs. 18 lakh per KM (Elect. , Civil, S&T etc. all inclusive).
b)
For of length more than 5 KM and upto. 10 KM if quantum of traffic at is
siding BCN rakes per month or more, the same will be electrified S&T
Railways 9 BOXN/12 cost with a cost ceiling of Rs. 18 lakh per KM (Elect, Civil,
etc. all inclusive).
c)
Siding, where the traffic is lower than these limits, should be closed if the
owner does not undertake to electrify the siding at his cost.
d)
For the sidings at a) & b) above, a written undertaking in the perscribed the
from minimum level of traffic i.e. 60 BOXN/84 BCN rakes or 108 BOXN/ 144
will be obtained from the siding owner concerned, guaranteeing BCN
rakes per annum, as the case may be.
e)
For sidings of length more than 10 KM, the proposal will be dealt with
individually, on merits.
2.
New Sidings: . For a new siding in the electrified territory or the territory
approaved for electrification, the capital cost of electrification of siding
should be borne by the siding owner. This will also apply to the Militry
sidings.
C
OHE Maintenance (Both new & existing): -
OHE maintenance cost both new as well as existing siding will be borne
by the Railways.
8. (a) Maintenance and other charges for the portion of the siding with in
Railway land
I
The Applicant shall also pay to the Railway Administration towards the
ordinary maintenance of the said siding within Railway boundary
coloured red, viz. the permanent way materials, sub-grade work, etc. at
such rates as may be fixed by the Administration from time to time. Such
time
charges shall be.
be paid in advance within seven days after every 31st day of March and
such yearly payments to include allitems upto the last day of respective
financial year.
Provided that the entire cost of recoupment of ballast, renewal,
-7-
39 Darrh
5/4/49
Am
$1847 3114
Dr.ff-1b
Sr. Divt. Commit Menager/Fr,
Northern
Railway,
S.E. Road, N.
replacement or strengthening of permanent way materials, etc. shall be
deemed to be special repairs and the Applicant agrees to pay on demand
the fut. expenditure incurred by or through the Railway Administration on
estimate based on actual purpose expenditure which would molude departmental
this account. For this Railway Administration would prepare an
charges and contingency as per the extent rule.
Il
being the sole Judge for this purpose) will be done by the Railway
be (necessary for the safety of the siding (the Railway Administration
The applicant agrees that any special emergency repair works which may
Administration at the cost of the Applicant and the Applicant agrees to pay
on demand any expenditure incurred by or through the Railway
Administration on this account.
(b)
Maintenance and other charges for the portion of the siding
/
The Applicant will at their own cost and expenses in all things and to the
outside Ratlway land:
Administration under its supervision maintain in good order and repair the
satis/action of the Railway Administration and if required by the Railway
or the said. plan). Such charges as may be fixed by the railway for
(said portion of siding (on their own land delineated and coloured (green) the
supervision rendered shall be paid by the Applicant.'
Il
Provided, however, that the Railway Administration may at the request of
the Applicant, undertake at any time the ordinary maintenance of the said the
portion of siding (coloured green) on the Applicant paying annually to
Railway Administration in advance maintenance charges as such rates
may be fuced by the Railway Administration from time to time.
III
For arriving of equated track length of a private siding fraction upto half a
Kilometer shall be treated as half a kilometer and fraction above half a
kilometer shall be rounded off to the next kilometer for the purpose of the
taking track maintenance charges.
IV
Provided also that when the Railway Administration is also required to
out any renewals of permanent way materials or strengthening of
track carry and special repairs to sub-grade works including recoupment of
ballast in respect, of the said siding (coloured green) the Applicant shall
pay in advance to the Railway Administration the cost which the
of permanent materials or strengthening of track including supply of
Railway Administration or Chief Engineer may estimate for such renewals
materials and special repairs to sub-grade work together with supervision
and other charges as fixed by the Railway Administration.
V
The difference between the cost so estimated and the cost actually the
incurred will be paid to or repaid by the Railway Administration as
case may be or. the completion of the particular work being certified in
writing by Railway Engineering No interest will be paid by the Railway
Administration on any such advance.
Our
Donh
VI
The Applicant agrees that any special emergency repair works which may
be necessary for the safety of the siding (the Railway Administration being
sole Judge for this purpose) will be done by the Railway Administration at
the cost of Applicant and the Applicant agrees to pay on demand any
expenditure incurred by or through the Railway Administration on this
account The Applicant shall also pay to the Railway Administration
Departmental and other charges as may be fixed by the Railway
Administration from time to time.
C
Railway Administration will arrange to carry out necessary inspection of
the position of the siding out side the Reilway land boundary free of cost.
However, whenever maintenance is being done by Railways at the cost of
the applicant, The Applicant shall continue to bear this cost. Further the
inspection by Railway will not absolve the party from their responsibility or
liability laid down in clause 18 hereinafter.
(d)
The Applicant shall be responsible to keep the track and cess clear for ay
to day inovement of Rolling Stock and locomotives. In case this is not done
the Railways will have the right to stop the working on the siding or
impose a charge at a penal rate to be decided by the Railway
Administration to have the track and cess cleared for the working of the
siding.
9.
Weigh Bridge Facilities/Level Crossings, etc.:
a)
The Applicants shall provide and maintain at their own cost and expense a
suitable weigh bridge, weigh bridge house and weigh bridge siding and
such level crossings, gates and gate-lodges, water columns and watering
arrangement within the siding limits as the Railway Administration may
require the Applicant to provide from time to time,
The electronic-in-motion weigh bridge should be maintained by the siding
owner at his cost to the satisfaction of. the Railway and will be subject to
periodical inspections by qualified staff at the cost of siding owner, who
will record a certificate to the effect that the weigh bridge is showing correct
weight and is in proper working order.
b) A card will be kept by the Applicant testifying the accuracy of the weigh
The bridge and giving date of tests as in the case of all Railway weigh bridges.
such Applicant should also permit the Railway weigh bridge inspector or
other staff así may be deputed by the Railway Administration at
times to check the accuracy of the weigh bridge and to supervise the all
of Railway Administration
maintenance, the which shall be carried out by the Applicant to the satisfaction
c)
as The in maintenance shall be done according to Railway rules and
prior notice for safety may be done by the Railway Administration as may be
required force from time to time. Such emergent maintenance regulations
any to the Aplicant and the Applicant will have to without
expenditure incurred by the or through the Railway Administration pay on demand on
Our
-
Manager(Er,
Mmh. 4/44
BY (-TTC.A)
stran offer
чтіча AMOUNT
the Railway Administration from time to time,
this account, including departmental and other charges as may be fixed by
Other rules and regulations regarding installation, operation and
maintenance of weigh bridges as laid down from time to time by Railway
Administration would apply.
10. Installation and maintenance of tipplers or any other bulk
handling system designs in the siding.
a) At sidings using bulk handling system, tipplers or any other bulk handling
system designs shall be provided and commissioned as per RDSO
approved specifications, only when a joint certificate is executed by the
Applicant and RDSO, that the system installed/provided is as per RDSO
approved design and commissioned to their satisfaction.
bi Siding owners shall always keep tippler and retarder or other bulk
handling system in good condition, which will be jointly inspected with
Railways every six months, Tippling operation will be suspended if
tippler/retarder is defective.
11. Additional works including renewale, replacements and
restrengthening.
In the event of it being necessary after the opening of the siding any
alterations or additions or renewals or replacements items as fencing,
signalling, interlocking and telecommunication equipments improved safety
appliance or machinery of any kind or to provide quarters for signallers or
staff for the working of the siding such additional work shall be provided at
the cost of the Applicant as per the general condition governing the
construction of the siding. Any additional expense incurred in working of
the safety appliance, including but not limited to such as salary and
allowances of signallers, or watchmen or any other staff as well as all
contributions or payments which, the Railway Administration may make
towards or on account of leave-salary pension provident fund special
contribution to provident fund, gratuity, house rent, cost of uniform or any
other contributions, payments or fringe benefits for the benefit of such
signallers or watchmen or any other staff employed in the Kailway
Administration the purpose of the clause 11, in accordance with any rules
of the Railway Administration for the time being in force relating to the
employment and emoluments of Railway servants, provision of stores and
repairs shall be paid by the Applicant.
No addition or alteration shall be made to the siding nor shall any
temporary or permanent structure be erected without the sanction in
writing of the Railway Administration.
All such structure must comply with the regulations from time to time in
force upon Railway system regarding standard dimensions and other
am
10-
34 Drh. (ourse)
Sex DV. Commit
articles
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-110001
matters. The terms and conditions of this agreement will also be applicable
to any additions and alterations made to the siding unless otherwise
decided by the Railway Administration.
11
Exclusive safety works in the case of POL and other hazardous
(A).
commodities sidings:-
In the case of said sidings, some facilities to deal exclusively with POL and
other hazardous products such as permanent catwalks, steam cleaning
and flame-proof lighting may be developed in Railway yard. Cost of such
facilities shall be borne by the party.
12.
Deposit towards the cost of removal of siding and all other
a)
The charges Applicant shall deposit in advance at the time of construction of the
the cost of dismantling of the siding and other charges in connection
siding a sum considered sufficient by the Railway Administration to cover
therewith within the railway land and marked in red, in the event of
termination of this agreement on such ground on which the Applicant shall No
interest will pay be allowed by the Railway on such deposit if made in
be liable to the cost of dismantling of the siding and other charges. cash
securities at 5% below the market value hypothecated to FA & CAO the
may Paper also be permitted. Interest accrued on this account may be paid to
Applicant.
As the above deposit and the costs are provisional, the Applicant shall
further on demand at the time of dismantlement any difference in which cost
between pay the cost of dismantlement and the initial deposit, failing
the party towards such cost. Any sum due to the Applicant out ot the
the railway would be at liberty to appropriate the materials belonging to
initial deposit will be, refunded to the Applicant.
b)
The Applicant shall pay all rates, taxes, cesses and assessments
whatsoever payable, or hereafter to be payable, to any local body or state
or Central Government in respect of all structures, buildings and other
works built or erected in connection with the siding.
13.
a) In all private sidings other than Engine on load only, barring the cost of
Cost of Railway Staff Employed at the Siding.
one commercial staff per shift, Railways will bear the cost of all other
railway staff. The cost of all staff at Engine on Load (EOL) siding will be
borne by the Railways.
b) Cost of assets created in the siding: -The applicant shall provide or
bear the cost of proper and suitable office accommodation and quarters for
all Railway staff posted at the siding.
c)
Terminal Incentive cum Engine on load scheme (TILES): -Instructions
circulated vide Board's letter No. 2005/TC/FM/1/8 dt. 6.3.06 should be
followed in this regard.
Own
34 Nynh
$1847
Sr. Divt. Comml Manager/Fr.
Phijelh
Northern Railway, DRM Office
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-11001
14.
Traffle on ading
a) Wagens will In (sauled by the Railway Administration (subject to such
rules and restructions as may be enforced from time to time and from the
point marked 'X' in the said Plan No
(same number as in Clause 2)
hereinbefore referred to or such other points as may hereafter be fixed
upon by mutval consent of the Applicant and Railway Administration in
writing at which point they shall be made over to the Applicant and
returned to the Railway Administration in such manner as shall be
determined in each case by the Railway Administration. The Applicant
undertakes to shunt the wagons from such point to his premises and back
with his own labour and the Railway Administration will not be
responsible for any delay, loss and damages caused in consequence of the
failure of the Applicant to arrange for such shunting.
b) Provided that the Railway Administration may at the request of the
Applicant undertake shunting by locomotives of wagons inside the
premises of the Applicant on the portion of the siding coloured green in the
said plan and demand such additional charges as may be determined
from time to time by the Railway Administration but this facility may be
withdrawn at any time at the sole discretion of the Railway.
c)
No traffic in commodities other than such as can reasonably be regarded
as necessary for the working or requirements of the mill, factory or
industry of the Arm, shall except with the written permission of the
General Manager of the Norther Railway or an officer authorised by
him, be at any time taken or sent by the Applicant over the siding. No
consideration or remuneration of any nature, except such as may be
contained in written permission of the General Manager or an officer
authorised by him, shall be received or taken by the Applicant in respect of
traffic over the siding.
15 Siding not to be used by other persons
a) No traffic other than that of the Applicant's works shall at any time be sent
over the siding by the Applicant except with the prior written permission of
the Railway Administration and the Applicant undertakes not to permit
any other person. whomsoever to use the siding and not to take or receive
or permit any other person to take or receive from any other person
whomsoever any consideration of remuneration of any sort or in respect of
the carriage of any commodity over or for any purpose whatsoever in
connection with siding except with the prior written permission of the .
Railway Administration and in all cases of disputes or differences with
regard to any matte", mentioned in this clause the decision of the Chief
Operating Manager/Chief Commercial Manager of Railway
shall be final and binding on-the Applicant.
b) The Applicant is forbidden to assign, transfer or sublet in any manner
whatsoever either/whole or any part of the siding without prior written
permission of the Railway Administration. The booking and delivery of
traffic of co-user of the siding shall be governed by the same rules and
regulations as applicable to the siding owner as for as levy of freight and
12-
an
41.91.4197
39 Donh STR.#)
$1699
Sr. Divt. Commt. Manager/Fr.
main
Northern Railway, DRUCKS
S.E. Road, N. 110001
other charges are concerned The siding owners shall give a written
undertaking that
been allowed to use
(Name of the party/ user has
him with his consent and that the co-user(s) will be responsible for the
(Name of siding) owned by
payment of all railway dues that may accrued as a result of granting of
such facility.
c)
For the sister concerns of the Applicant desirous of utilizing the siding
facilities, the booking transactions, etc. shall be in the name of the
applicant only and not in the name of the sister concerns.
16.
Freight, etc. on traffic.
a)
The Applicant shall pay freight and also all other charges (including
siding, placement and withdrawal charges, where leviable) on traffic to
and from the siding from the date of opening of the siding in accordance
with the Railway Administration's Tariffs, Circulars and Advices in force at
or given effect to from the time the traffic is carried or such rates as may be
fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time. Such traffic will be
subject to all the rules, conditions and charges as contained in such
Tariffs, Circulars and Advices. The date of opening of the siding will be
reckoned from the date of notification issued by Commissioner of Railway
Safety (CRS) or by the Civil Engineer Department, as the case may stating
same. that said siding is open to Railway traffic and is fit for movement of the
b) The free time allowed to the Applicant for loading and unloading and the
demurrage charges leviable for detention in excess of such free time will be
governed by the rates and rules published from time to time in the Tariffs,
time the traffic is carried.
Circulars and Advices of the Railway Administration and in force at the
c) The Railway Administration will not be responsible for loss, damage,
destruction, detericration of the contents of wagons booked at either
owner's risk rate or railway risk rate, hauled over the siding during the
siding at or beyond the point of interchange.
time such wagons are in transit or remain on any part of extension of the
d) Unless a Goods Clerk representing the Administration is employed at the
siding empowered to effect delivery there wagons will not be placed in the
Applicant arrival failing to effect delivery within the prescribed free time after the
siding until delivery is effected at the serving station. In the event of the
shall of the wagons at the serving station, the usual demurrage charges
granted only once,
begin to accrue on such wagons thereafter, the free time being
e) The Applicant shall at all times permit any person appointed by the
the Railway Administration to inspect the loading and unloading of wagons in
said siding (coloured red and green).
f)
All goods dispatched from and to the said siding should be loaded
unloaded by the Applicant and other CO users of the siding at their own and
Am
- 13 -
Donth
BY
Sr. Divi. Comml. Manager/Fr.
51847 aftire
Northern Railway,
S.E. Road, N.
cost Utilizing their own labour for which railway would not be responsible
for any aspect of the employment and working.
17.
Working of stiling
The Applicant shall provide labour for and bear the cost of all operations
on the siding. The Applicant shall be responsible for the strict impliance
by himself and his employees and agents of all rules, regulations and
standing orders made by the Railway Administration from time to time for
the working of sidings and for all accidents, loss or damage that may
ensue or be caused by reasons of negligence or non-observance, of such
rules regulations and orders. It shall be the duty of the Applicant to obtain
from the Railway Administration authentic copies of all such rules,
working in connection with the siding are made and kept acquainted with
regulations and orders aforesaid and to see that his employees and agents
the same.
18.
Applicant responsible for dámage or injury to person or property
Administration during the time the same shall remain on any part shall or
The Applicant shall be entirely responsible for all property of the Railway
extension of the siding at or beyond the point of interchange and and
Railway Administration from any cause whatsoever except sole negligence war
deficiencies of rolling stock (railway wagons) or other property of
make good Off demand all loss of or damage to the engines; damages the
on other part acts or circumstances for which the Applicant is not responsible.
the of the staff of the Railway Administration or act of God or
Further and rolling stock except when the derailment has been caused or
or in case of a derailment Railway shall bear the cost of re-railing by of
engine obstruction caused by the siding owner or and act of negligence the siding
their any part applicant, however, would bear the cost for repairs to
necessitated by such derailment.
any The loss due to damage, injury or death caused to any Railway
Applicant shall also indemnify the Railway Administration servant against
while working in connection with the Private siding
19.
Rallway to other rights, powers and liberties herein provided and for,
administration's rights regarding use of the siding
liberties, the Railway tò, over and in connection with the siding or any extension
in addition Administration any shall have the following rights, powers or part
thereof, namely:
the siding or any extension or part thereof for any purposes to of the the
a)
Railway To use Administration free of charge or any remuneration
Applicant in respect of such use.
b) connect or allow to be connected with the siding extending OF any extension there from or
To other siding or sidings branching or constructed
part thereof have any been constructed or which may hereafter be for any other
person by or under or persons whomsoever or for the purpose
which may the authority of the Railway Administration of the Railway
14
Am.
34 Anh
Sr. Divl. Comml. Manneer/Fr.
51849
vilit
PRINCE
Northern Railway, GRAMMICA
attra
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-11001
Administration and to make or allow such alterations as may be necessary
to effect such connection.
c)
To use or to permit the use of the siding or any extension or part thereof for
the traffic of any person or persons other than the Applicant and to work
truffic over the siding or any extension or part thereof to and from any
other siding or siding or branches or extensions therefrom which may be
constructed as aforesaid jointly with the traffic of the Applicant upon
payment by such person or persons to the Applicant of either such portion
of the cost originally paid by the Applicant to the Railway Administration,
'm respect of the land and sub-grade work or such tollage for such use as
aforesaid as shall be decided by the General Manager for the time being of
the Railway Administration or such other officer as may be nominated by
him whose decision shall be final, conclusive and binding on the applicant
as to whether a portion of the aforesaid cost shall be payable and if so, the
amount thereof or whether a tollage shall be payable and if so, the amount
or rate thereof.
The Railway Administration shall collect such proportionate cost on behalf
of the Applicant but shall not be responsible for collection of tollage for
and on behalf of the Applicant, but the Applicant may enter into
agreement with the person or persons who have been permitted the use of
siding or part thereof by the Railway Administration on the payment by
the latter of tollage.
The use of the siding or any extension or part thereof by the Railway
Administration or by other persons shall be so conducted in such manner
and to such extent as to interfere as little as possible with the free use of
the siding by the Applicant whose traffic shall have precedence
d)
To refuse supplies of wagons or other, rolling stock for the Applicant to
any siding or sidings constructed for any other person or any branches or
extensions or parts there of over which the Applicant may be allowed to
work traffic jointly with such other person or otherwise in the event of
non-payment by the Applicant of any sum of tollage which the Railway
Administration may decide shall be payable by the Applicant or in the
event of non-compliance by the Applicant with any directions or
requirement of the Railway Administration with regard to the use of
working of the siding or any branch or extension thereof or any other
siding branch or extension whether constructed for the Applicant or
otherwise including the commission or omission of any act, mutter or
taking which may interfere with or inconvenience the Railway
Administration in the proper working thereof.
Exting
20. Gauge Conversion of the private siding
a) The Railway Administration may whenever they shall think proper
convert the entire portion of the said siding (coloured Red and Green on
the said plan) or part thereof into railway or assisted siding by giving to
the Applicant six months' notice of their intention so to do on payment of
such costs to the Applicant as would be considered reasonable by the
an
-15-
34 Monh
Sr. Divi. Commt. Manager/Fr.
5164-1 affer milling Patrès
Northern Railway, DRIVINCE
Phift
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-11001
132132140
Railway Administration at the time of conversion. The decision of the
General Manager of the Railway Administration on the amount to be paid
shall be final and binding on the parties.
The Applicant shall not raise any objection 10 such conversion and shall
execute in the standard forms such agreements as may be considered
necessary by the Railway Administration in the altered circumstances
failing which the Railway Administration will have the right either to
suspend the siding facilities granted to the holder or to terminate the
agreement by giving one month's notice in writing.
b) Wherever Gauge conversion result in MG/NG private siding being cut off,
the siding can be converting to BG apportioning the coast of conversion in
terms of provision of Engineering code relating to assisted sidings,
provided the investment made by the Railway is financially viable with a
minimum ROR of 14% or such ROR as fixed by Railways from time to time
via a vis traffic offered by the siding in the last 24 months. The siding
owner shall have to maintain the traffic level of the preceding 24 months
based own which the ROR was calculated, at least for 24 months after
opening of the siding for commercial operation. In case, siding owner fails
to offer such level of trajfic, he/they shall reimburse the cost of gauge
conversion. Also siding owner will furnish a Bank Guarantee (BG) for the
period of 24 months (period to be reckoned with from the date of
commercial operation) for the amount borne by the Railway. The BG can
be encashed by the Railway in the event of failure of siding owner to meet
the traffic level as mentioned above. Where it is not financially justified,
the siding owner will bear the full coast of the siding will be closed.
c) The Permanent Way and other materials released from the gauge
conversion siding will be taken over the railways to be suitably
used/disposed off, giving due credit to the private siding owner, which
would be decided by the Railway,
d) The relevant charges for maintenance, of those converted private sidings
shall be refixed and recovered from the applicant as per extent rules for
private sidings.
21.
Applicant not to transfer rights
The Applicant shall not be entitled to assign or transfer or sublet or permit
to be used or enjoyed by any other person in any manner whatsoever any
of the rights or benefits conferred upon the Applicant by these presents
and any purported assignment, transfer or subletting or permission shall
be void and of no effect provided also that in the event of any other person
being permitted by the Railway Administration to use the siding on the
Applicant's request or otherwise, the Applicant shall remain responsible to
the Railway Administration for all the charges and obligations under the
agreement.
Que
16
Sr. DM. Comml. Manager/Fr.
Northem Railway, D
S.E. Road, N.
34 North
4149
22kml 1-b2/2
10:20
that if the Applicant shall desire a to company transfer shall the
go Provided, Applicant's into liquidation shall however, works desire to and any the, such person use intended and or benefit if the transferee Applicant of the siding or being with, the then liquidator the subject Railway of to the the
under mentioned conditions at its discretion on the written made prior to the
company being complied request of the
Applicant and of the after the commencement of the registered
Administration may intended transferee or liquidator liquidation as
transfer or within one month production by the transferee of the liquidator of
deed the case of transfer maybe of and the after on Applicant's the company's works business or after proof for the by the purpose the use of and the
liquidation benefit of the proceedings siding. The conditions abovementioned are the
his intention to carry allow the transferee or liquidator following:
That the liquidator shall be approved by the Railway Administration but
a) such approval will not be unreasonably withheld.
That the liquidator form as shall these duly presents sign and so register far as a then private require. applicable siding Agreement or in such
b) other in the form same, as the Railway Administration may then
Railway Administration and transferee the shall Railway duly
execute That the an Applicant, agreement of assignment as may be prescribed by
c) Administration.
22. terminate agreement If traffic is insufficient
Power to anything contained in this Agreement Administration the Railway
a)
event Administration insufficient being Notwithstanding the of the Chief to justify shall opinion Operations be the entitled, that retention Manager/Chief the in Applicant's of the the event siding of Commercial traffic the by terminate Railway the over Applicant, Manager this the Agreement siding of of which the is
Railway to the Applicant not less than 6 (six) month's previous terminate this
administration will be the sole judge, to notice in
by giving the Railway Administration's intention to shall stand
Agreement writing of and on the expiry, of such notice, this Agreement
terminated.
termination of this agreement under the provisions of this clause shall
b) The b, without prejudice to any rights of remedies to which the Railway things
Administration will be entitled to in respect of any acts, matter or
arising before such termination
23. Power to close the portion of the siding within Rallway land
coloured red in the annexed plan or work it for public traffic.
In the event of the Railway Administration deciding in the public interest to
close the siding or any part or extension thereof or to work the siding or
(the decision of the railway being final in this case, and the service of
any part or extension thereof o public traffic as part of the railway system the
notice as hereinafter stated shall be conclusive evidence of the -same) the,
-17-
Our
34 Dynth
Sr. Divi. Comml. Manager/Fr.
$1644 attent GREAT himes
Northern Rallway, DS
unive
S.E. Road, N.
(6/04/19)
terminate this Agreement by giving and to the on
Applicant Railway Administration 6 (six) month's previous may notice in writing of such decision
the expiration of such notice this Agreement shall terminate.
that in such event the Railway Administration shall cost
Provided, have their however, either to construct for the use of the Applicant at the the
portion the or with facilities for his traffic equivalent to those, supplied the
of Railway. extension thereof so closed or worked for public traffic or furnish to
the option Administration a suitable siding in lieu of the siding or
foregoing by courses shall be found by the Railway Administration to the
him Applicant the siding or such portion or extension thereof but if either of be
practicable Railway Administration may pay to the Applicant the, compensation
(the decision of the, milway being final in this case)
specified below.
The cost of the siding (both grade and super grade works) originally 20
paid by the, Applicant less depreciation @ 5% (five) per year upto
(twenty) years after the date of completion of the work. After expiration of
20 (twenty) years no refund of cost of any part of the work shall be
payable.
24.
Powers to stop traffic and to terminate agreement in certain events
The Railway Administration shall have the absolute right to refuse at any
time to allow their rolling stock to go on or be used upon the siding or any
part or extension thereof and shall also be entitled to determine this
Agreement at any time after the happening of any of the following events:
a)
In the event of the Applicant failing to deposit within the time fixed for the
purpose any sum or sums required to be deposited under the provisions of
these presents or according to any direction of the Railway
Administration
b) In the event of the Applicant failing to pay any other sums payable to the
Railway Administration under this Agreement or any other charges
payable to the Railway Administration in respect of the siding or the use
thereof within one month after the due time of payment or in the event of a
due date not being specified then within one month after service of a
written demand for payment.
c) In the event of the Applicant failing to comply with any requisition of the
Railway Administration to remove or repair any defect which, in the
opinion of the Railway Administration, may endanger the working and
safety of the sicling within such time as shall be fixed by the Railway
Administration for the purpose.
d) In the event of the Applicant ceasing jor a consecutive period of 3 (three)
months to use the siding or any part or extension thereof for the
Applicant's own traffic in connection with the Applicant's works.
Am
18 .
Northern Rallway,
Sr. Divi. Comml. Menagemer.
34
Home
Donh
S.E. Road, N.
$100
e) In the event of the Applicant contravening the provisions of clause 15
hereof.
n in the event of the Applicant failing to observe or perform any other
obligation on his part herein contained.
g) In the event of the siding becoming dangerous or defective by reason of
any act of God or other act or circumstances for which the Railway
Administration is not responsible.
h) In the event of any branch line, siding or part or extension thereof
connecting the siding or any part or extension thereof with the
railway system becoming dangerous or defective for any reason
whatsoever and whether such branch line, siding part or extension shall
belong to the Applicant or to any third person.
i) In the event of any branch line, siding or any part or extension thereof
connecting the siding or any part or extension thereof with the
railway system being closed by the Railway Administration under any
powers which the Railway Administration may possess whether by statue
or by Agreement with third persons or closed by order of the Government
of India or any State Government.
The Applicant shall have no claim whatsoever against the Railway
Administration in respect of any refusal by the Railway Administration to
allow their rolling stock to go on or be used upon the siding or any
connected siding or branch line in any of the aforesaid events.
Provided always that on the happening of any of the events mentioned in
sub-clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (f) the Railway Administration shall not
exercise the power conferred upon it by this clause unless 14 (fourteen)
days previous notice has been given in writing requiring the Applicant to
comply with the demand or requisition, as the case may be, of the Railway
Administration and the Applicant has failed to comply with the same
within the time specified. in such notice.
No notice shall be required to be given in the cases specified in the other
sub-clauses of this clause.
25. Termination of agreement on death insolvency, etc.
The Agreement may be determined by the Railway Administration without
prior notice at any time after the happening of any of the following events:
a)
In the event of the death of the Applicant, if he is an individual person.
joint family governed by the Mitakshara School of Hindu Law.
In the event of a partition of the joint family properties, if the Applicant is a
Dur.
-19-
Sr. Divi. Comml. Manager/Fr.
Northern
. Dorth
39 (arr.eft.)
$1897
Court if event the Applicant of is a firm of other association or body of
In the dissolution of partners reither by act of parties individuals. or by order of
d) In the evera of the Applicant becoming insolvent or going into liquidation
either voluntarily or under an order of competent Court.
of
in the e'vent of the Applicant's interest in the works becoming wholly or
partially vested in some other person.
e/ In the event of the Applicant contravening the provision of clause 21 hereof.
26.
Cons equences of termination under clauses 22, 23, 24, 25, and 27.
O., termination of this agreement under provisions of clauses 22, 23, 24,
'15, and 27 thereof the Railway Administration shall be entitled to
disconnect f om their railway the portion of the said siding within the
railway and (coloured red on the said plan) at the cost of the Applicant
and take up and remove the same and the appliances, connected
therewith and dispose of the materials thereof as they may think fit
rendering to the Applicant surplus (if any) to arise from such disposal after
first disfraying there at all costs and expenses on and incidental to such
taking up renewal and disposal and all sums owing to them by the
applicant under the terms of this agreement or for freight or carriage.
Provided always that the Railway Administration shall at all times have a
lien on the portion of said siding within the railway land (coloured red in
the said plan) and appliances connected therewith and materials thereof
for all sums owing to them from the Applicant under the terms of this
agreement or for freight or carriage. The Applicant shall have no claim
whatsoever against the Railway-Administration in respect of termination of
this agreement whether under any of the provisions of those présents or in
any manner not provided for by those presents.
27. Agreement administration to bind applicant until terminated by the rallway
Until terminated by the Railway Administration or unless and until the
person have or persons in whom the entire rights and interests of the Applicant
vested and with whom the Railway Administration has agreed to
Agreement Railway Administration may require as provided in clause 21 as
Agreement in the same form as those present or in such other form such the
enter into a private siding Agreement has executed and registered
or interest shall be binding upon the Applicant and the successors hereof, in this title
of the Applicant in the Applicant's works.
i) the Applicant Administration discontinue the use of the siding. In to the
Railway Provided that the Applicant may by giving 6 (six) month's notice
charges under shall not be liable for the payment of maintenance such event,
expiry of the the Agreement for the period subsequent and other
Agreement shall said be notice, binding but on nevertheless him. all other obligations to the under date the of
Am
-20-
Sr. Divi. Comml. Manager/Fr.
Northern Railway, DE
39 Dynh (ATT.Ell.)
S.E. Road, N. DEPARTMENT
51347 31147 SMIRA Patirez
91.7147 Ri student.
ii) Provided further that the Radway Administration has the right without
assigning any reason to terminate this Agreement of 6 (six) month's notice.
20, Applicant to give vacant possession of land within a month of
termination
On termination of this Agreement the Applicant shall remove their
materials from the land of the Railway Administration and give vacant
possession of the same to the Kailway Administration within one month.
Provided that if the Applicant fuil to remove their materials from the land of
the Railway Administration within the time specified by the Railway
Administration, the same shall be removed by the Railway Administration
and the cost of such removal be realised from the Applicant either from
their deposits or by sale of the Applicant's own property within such land
of Railway Administration or my any other means.
29. Right to charge Interest of. money due hereunder to the rallway
administration
Notwithstanding any thing contrained in the foregoing clauses of this
Agreement the Railway Administration shall have the right to charge and
recover from the Applicant interest at such rates as may be fixed by the
Railway Administration from time to time on any or, all sums payable by
the Applicant under the terms thereof if such sums are not paid within one
month from the due date and if no such date is fixed, within one month
from the date on which a writen demand is made by the Railway
Administration.
30. Right of deduction of money dus to the rallway
administration.
The Railway Administration shall have the right to deduct from any
amount which may become payable as the Railway Administration to the
Applicant or to the legal representative of the Applicant any money due
from the Applicant to the Railway Administration under these present or
for freight, haulage or other charges or otherwise in connection with the
construction, maintenance or working of the siding.
Am
Northern Railway, DR.
Sr. Divi. Comml. Manager/Fr.
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-110001 The
-21
34 Dorth
while while
marks:
1320
cost a proper boundary mischief wall trespass fencing
31.
with The applicant Security shall Guard provide round at the his clock own to prevent any or
the outsiders.
32.
Decantation of decantation takes place should should be periodically be sprinkled
i)
changed The soil where by the process applicant at on frequent condition intervals basis. as Sand directed by metallic Engineering trays
over soil and replaced During the process 1 of decantation oil.
representative. underneath the tanks should be put to collect leaky
the decantation, the applicant in will the ensure vicinity that which there can is
ii)
no Before naked commencing light or any other combustible material
proven hazardous to cause fire.
iii)
concrete The oil siding apron used and sumps for decantation and adequate purposes drainage should arrangement, be provided at with oil
companies' cost.
33.
Before placement not should be jointly the tank
of the tank wagons in the siding, the examined condition by of the the
tanks whether, leatting applicant or and Railway TXR staff). Once will be
wagons representative are placed of the in the siding the responsibility of the leakage
that of the applicant.
34.
and "No oil Smoking" Companies staff should ensure that smoking is totally
Board should be displayed conspicuously in prohibited. the premises
35
Fire Fighting equipment with trained staff within the Depot, to deal and
Adequate in the siding should made available by the applicant at all alarm. times
with any fire accident, the applicant shall also provide a fire
36.
Service of notices on applicant
demands Applicant and other communications intended for the Applicant may be
The shall maintain a proper office to which all letters, notices, be
sent, and every, notice, demand or other communication which shall
delivered at or sent by Registered Post to such office shall for all purposes
whatsoever be deemed to have been validly and effectively delivered to the
Applicant.
37.
Exercise of powers
Subject as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices to be given on
behalf of the President of India and all other actions to be taken on his
behalf may be given or taken on his behalf by Railway Administration, the
agreement signing authority or his authorised representative.
Am
Sr. Divi. Comml. Manager/Fr.
Northern Railway, DP:
-22-
'0
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-1,0001
Mmh
4149
34 981244 (3m.eft.)
$1847 3114 Pather
quita AMTER
38.
Atteration/uarlation of the agreement
Except as hereby provided any verbal or written arrangement abandoning, shall
be deemed conditional and shall not be binding on the Railway
varying or supplementing this Agreement or any of the terms hereof
Administration unless and until the same is enc on this Agreement or
incorporated in a formal instrument and signed by the parties hereto and
till then the Railway Administration shall have the right to repudiate
arrangement.
39.
Arbitration "In the event of any dispute or difference of opinion between the parties the as
true intent and meaning of these presents or any articles or conditions
to the respective right and obligations of the parties hereunder or as to
thereof arising such dispute or difference of opinion (except the matters in
regarding which the decision has been specifically provided for be
Agreement) shall be referred to the sole grbitration of an arbitrator to
appointed by General Manager. Northen Railway for the time
being, and his decision shall be final conclusive and binding on the parties.
For the purpose of this Agreement, the Gen Manager will mean the head
of the Northern Railway Administration.
If one or more of the arbitrator appointed by the General Manager resigns
from his appointment as arbitrator or vacates his office, or is unable or
unwilling to act so far any reason whatsoever or dies, the General Manager
will have the power to appoint a new arbitrator to act in place. Such
arbitrator shall be entitled to proceed with the reference when the stage
at whit was left by the previous arbitrator.
The arbitrator may from time to time, with the consent of parties to
these present enlarge time for making and publishing the award.
40.
Cost of execution of agreement
All expenses in drawing up the Agreement and the cost of the stamping
and registration shall be borne by the Applicant.
"Money receipt obtained from the Registration Office should be handed over
to the Railways for collection of registered Agreement which shall remain in
the custody of Railways. Any charges, if levied for collection of registered
Agreement, shall also be borne by the Applicant".
41.
Agreement in force from
The Agreement shall be deemed to have come into force on and from
42.
Head notes
The head notes herein are for the convenience of reference only and
shall not affect the construction of these present.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties to those presents have set and
subscribed their respective hands and seals hereunto on the day and year
first above written.
Pun
-23-
39 Donh
51849 after minim PHINES
Sr. Div. Comml. Manager/Fr.
1/2/2014 Phijelh
Northern Railway, DRM Office
132140
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-110001
NESS WHERE OF the parties to these presents have set and subscribe
espective hands and seals and hereinto on the day and year first above
n.
Signed, sealed and delivered for and on behalf of l'resident of India
by
the
S.G.D.C.M.
Railway
of the
Morthern
Administration
in
the
presence
of.
Am
Sr. DM. Comml. Manager/Fr.
Signed and delivered by
Northern Railway, DRM Office
S.E. Road, N. Delhi-110001
In the presence of
(1) Signature
Name
S. KUMAR
Occupation INDIAN OIL CORP. LTD.
Chief Manager (R.C.)
Drah
Address Panipat Marketing Complex (PMC)
PANIPAT - 132140
Witness:
& $ 1 STATE &
34
(2) Signature
Name
Occupation
Address
Dated the
19.
BETWEEN THE
PRESIDENT OF INDIA AND
Indian oil Corporation 2td (MD)
Private Siding Agreement
Reg.:
IOCL. Bahuti siding
At kilometer,
Off.
-24-
39 4612549 (arreft.)
Nmh
$1847 affer PMP428
Abpm1b 1.2jgelh Phif-In
1320