INDIA NON JUDICIAL
Government of Uttar Pradesh
- a
e-Stamp
Big Name Raj Singh
OF
Acc
MORADABAD
Certificate No.
: IN-UP11349989311740V
100
Certificate Issued Date
: 18-May-2023 02:03 PM
Account Reference
:
NEWIMPACC (SV)/ up14490004/ MURADABAD SADAR/ UP-MRD
Unique Doc. Reference
: SUBIN-UPUP1449000417226999551667V
Purchased by
:
SANJAY KUMAR MISHRA so SHUBH NARAYAN MISHRA
Description of Document
:
Article 5 Agreement or Memorandum of an agreement
Property Description
: Not Applicable
0012001200620012
Consideration Price (Rs.)
:
First Party
: SR DCM FS NORTHERN RAILWAY MORADABAD
Second Party
:
SANJAY KUMAR MISHRA so SHUBH NARAYAN MISHRA
Stamp Duty Paid By
: SANJAY KUMAR MISHRA so SHUBH NARAYAN MISHRA
Stamp Duty Amount(Rs.)
: 100
(One Hundred only)
340
(100
MUP11349989311740V
Please write or type below this line
This stamp paper is a part of Agreement for
Gati Shakti Raid Multi-modal Cargo Terminal' built
entirely on private land by KRIBHCO Fertilizers
Ltd. (KPL) at Bauthra Railway station of Moradabad
Division.
Sanjay Mishra
Dy.
G
18/05/23
Kribinco
Ltd.
Chetan HIGH 1 (ate)
Pigrota,
-
W 18.05.23
Sr. Divisional Commetcial Manager (Freight)
NR, Moradation
Statutory Alert:
1. The authericity of the Stamp certificate should be vented 31 www COMI ar use e-Stamp Mobie App of Stock Holding
Any Swerspancy in The details on this Certificate and as ovaliable on the website / Mobile App renders e invalid
2 The MA of the address is GE the uses of the certificate
Agreement for 'Gati-Shakti Rail Multi-modal Cargo Terminal' built entirely on
private land'
Northern Railway
This Agreement is made and executed at DRM Office, Moradabad, U.P. on this 18 Day of
May. 2023.
BY AND BETWEEN
THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA acting through (Sr. DCM/FS/MB authorized under Article
299(1) of the Constitution) having its office at DRM Office, Moradabad, U.P.
(hereinafter referred to as "The Railway Administration" which terms or expression shall,
unless excluded by or repugnant to the subject or context, mean and include its
successor-in-office, administrators or permitted assignees) of the One Part;
AND
KRIBHCO Fertilizers Ltd. (KFL) [hereinafter referred to as ("Applicant or GCTO")* which
terms or expression shall, unless excluded by or repugnant to the subject or context, mean and
include its successor-in-office, administrators or permitted assignees) of the Other Part.
WHEREAS The Applicant is desirous of having a Cargo Terminal laid by the Railway
Administration at Piprola, District Shahjahanpur, U.P. from the Banthra (BTRA) station
yard of the Moradabad Division of Northern Railway taking off from Kilometer No.
between Banthra (BTRA) station and Tilhar (TLH) station of the Railway
as shown in red and green on the plan bearing CE's No
and hereto annexed for the
purpose of carrying on the Applicant's business in the Applicant's premises situated at
Shahjahanpur District
AND WHEREAS the Railway Administration is willing to lay the said cargo terminal for the
said Applicant upon and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
NOW, Therefore. this Agreement witnesseth as follows:
1. Interpretation: In these presents, unless the context otherwise requires, the following Words
and Expressions have the meaning and shall be interpreted as specified, namely-
Words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa.
"Person" includes a firm or other association or body of individuals and a Company or other
Corporate Body.
"Railway Administration" means and includes the General Manager for the time, being of
Northern Railway and any officer of the Northern Railway authorized by any such General
Sanjey Kumar Minhra
Dy Camel Munager
Chetan WAS (dre)
Knhhoo Feralizer's Lid.
W 20, JUNER
Piprola, Shahjahanpur
Sr Divisional Communial Manager (Froight)
MR Maradabad
Manager to deal with any matters, with which these presents are concerned.
"Applicant" means the person named as party hereto of the other part and includes in the case
of a firm or other association or body of individuals, the individual person or persons for the
time being and from time to time constituting the association or body and, In the case of a
company, corporation or body corporate the Successor in the business of interest, such
company, corporation or body corporate for the time being.
"Works" means the premises belonging to or occupied or used by the Applicant which are
connected with the Northern Railway system by the terminal herein before mentioned,
"Undertaking" includes all land, railway lines, works, buildings, engines, rolling stock and
other movable or immovable property now or at any time hereafter forming part of or pertaining
to the Northern Railway system as now or hereafter constituted and all engines and rolling
stock (whether belonging to the Northern Railway system or not) passing over such system.
"Cargo Terminal" Includes the Railway track connecting the Applicant's works with the
Railway system, as hereinafter agreed to be constructed by the Railway Administration and all
branches and extensions thereof which may hereafter be constructed by the Applicant or by the
Railway Administration at the Applicant's request and all sleepers, ballast, embankments,
bridges, tunnels, signals interlocking and telecommunication equipment gates, buildings and
other constructions, erections, works and movable property constructed/erected/made/provided
or used in connection with the said track and also all land whereon or on part whereof the said
track and connected things aforesaid are constructed/erected/made/provided or used including
land acquired for the purpose thereof as hereinafter provided and land belonging to the Railway
Administration and land belonging to or occupied or used by the Applicant.
The Cargo Terminal shall cover only that portion of track network on which Railway rolling
stock will ply. The network utilized by the Company/Party for their internal use shall not form
part of the Cargo Terminal defined herein.
"Sub-grade Work" includes the construction of embankments, the making of cuttings and the
carrying out of other earthworks, the construction of bridges (exclusive of girder works),
buildings, platforms, tunnels, culverts, drains and openings and laying out of ballast and all
other works necessary to permit the laying and construction of railway track of the terminal and
generally all works which have to be abandoned, if the terminal be closed.
"Permanent Way Materials" includes girders, rails, sleepers, fastenings, points and crossings,
fencings, signalling, interlocking and telecommunication equipment and over-head structure
and any other things connected therewith for electric traction and other machinery (except
station machinery) and equipment necessary for working the terminal.
"Legal Representative" means any person who is competent to give the Railway
Administration a valid discharge in respect of any money or property which may be payable or
deliverable to the Applicant and shall include the executor and administrator of a deceased
person, a succession certificate holder, the surviving or continuing partners or members in the
case of a firm, association or body of individuals, the certificated guardian if a minor's property,
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
Dy General Manager
(20) 20gh
Kribhco Fertilizer's Ltd.
30
3
Piprola, Shahjahanpur
Sr. Divisional Commadal Manager (Freight)
NO
the committee of lunatic, the assignee or receiver of an insolvent's estate, the liquidator of a
Company, a receiver and any person legally appointed to represent the estate of the Applicant.
*Note: Forms Of Description Of The Applicant-
(Where a single person is the Applicant) "and A.B. (insert full name) of (insert address and
occupation)"
(Where two or more persons are Joint Applicants), "and A.B. (insert full name) of (insert
address and occupation) and C.D.: (insert full name) of (insert address and occupation)".
(Where a single person trading under a different fee name is the Applicant) "and A.B. (Insert
full name) of (insert address and occupation) carrying a business under the name or style of
(insert name) at (if the business is carried on at a different address from the address already
Inserted then insert such additional address)."
(Where a partnership firm is the Applicant and the names of the partner known), "and A.B.
(Full name) and C.D. (full name) carrying on business partnership as (insert nature of business)
under the style or firm of (insert name or style of the firm and address)."
(Where a partnership firm is the applicant and the names of partners are not known), "and A
&Co. (insert name or style of the firm) a partnership firm carrying on business at (insert
address) as (insert nature of business)."
(Where an incorporated Company is the Applicant). "KRIBHCO Fertilizers Ltd., Piprola,
Shahjahanpur. U.P. - 242001 a company incorporated in (Insert country of incorporation (e.g.
India, England or elsewhere, as the case may be) and having its registered office at A-60,
Kailash Colony, New Delhi - 110048" (in the case of a company incorporated elsewhere than
in India address) "and its principal office in India at (insert address) and its Corporate office at
KRIBHCO Bhawan, A-10, Sector-1, Noida - 201301, District Gautam Budh Nagar (U.P.)."
(Where the Applicant is a joint family governed by the Mitakshara School of Hindu Law),
"A.B. (insert full name) for self and as Karta or managing member of the Joint family,
governed by the Mitakshara School of Hindu Law, carrying on business under the name or style
of (insert name under which the joint family business is carried on) at (Insert address) and
C.D.E.F.G.H. etc. (insert full name) being the other adult members of the said Joint family".
2. Agreement To Construct Gati Shakti Multi-Modal Cargo Terminal (GCT):
Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter contained, the Railway Administration
shall at the cost and expense of the Applicant in all respects, construct fully on the land of the
Applicant of the said Cargo Terminal, from
(length of
terminal) Kilometers on
(name of portion) Branch as shown in red and
green on the plan annexed hereto (bearing CE's No.
connecting the Applicant's
work known as
situated at or near
in the District of
with the system at or near
on Railway
18/05/23
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
(20) ****
Dy General Manager
to RU.
Kribhco Failizer's Ltd.
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
Piprola, Shanjahanpur
NR. Mondabud
3. Capital Cost of GCT
3.1.
The Gati Shakti Cargo Terminal Operator (GCTO) shall bear the entire capital
cost of the new GCT from the take-off point onwards, as marked on the
Engineering Scale Plan (ESP) at the serving station.
3.1.1. For the linear connectivity portion of GCT passing through the Railway land,
including the land to be acquired by Railway for this purpose under para 17.2 of
the Master Circular on Gati Shakti Multi-modal Cargo Terminal Policy dated
06.12.2022 (hereinafter referred to as the policy). GCTO shall provide only
the minimum essential infrastructure of track, OHE and signalling equipment at
the cost of GCTO (other assets not related to track, signalling, or OHE, if
required, shall be constructed by Railway at its own cost). In case of any
dispute, the decision of DRM shall be final in this regard.
3.1.2. The ownership of infrastructure including the track, signalling equipment and
OHE created on Railway land under para 5.1.1 of the policy shall belong to
Railway, even though the capital cost for these shall be borne by the GCTO.
3.2.
The capital cost for all common-user traffic facilities at the serving station (as
marked on the ESP), including Signalling & Telecommunication works,
modification and up- gradation to existing interlocking/ OHE, or electrification in
future within the station limit up to take-off point, shall be borne by the Railway.
3.3.
Maintenance and operation of assets created under para 5.2 of the policy
(common-user traffic facilities) at the serving station including staff costs, shall be
the responsibility of the Railway.
3.4.
The capital expenditure required for augmenting or up-grading the facilities and
infrastructure on the connectivity portion from take-off point onwards towards
Terminal and within the premises of Terminal shall be borne by the GCTO.
3.5.
The connectivity to GCTS shall normally take-off from the existing serving
station. However, in case when it is operationally not feasible to provide a
connection from an existing serving station, provision of a Block Hut/ Block
station (between two existing stations) with required points & crossings may be
considered, provided it is operationally feasible. This will be done on the request
of GCTO.
3.5.1. In such cases, the entire capital cost of the new Block Hut/ Block station and
related infrastructure shall be bome by the GCTO. However, this work will be
executed by Railway, and ownership of the same shall remain with the Railway.
3.5.2. However, for new GCTs planned to load one million Tonne or more (outward
traffic) per annum, the capital cost of new Block Hut/ Block station will be
repaid to the GCTO by Railway.
3.5.2.1 The repayment of capital cost of the new Block Hut/ Block station will be
made by Railway through 10% rebate on the outward traffic loaded at the
Terminal, till such time the capital cost has been repaid to the GCTO. This
10% rebate shall be granted on the normal tariff rate (NTR) of the
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
are Chetan (se)
Dr Cone Manager
Kribhco LEE
30 to
Piprola, Shahjahanpur
Sr. Divisional Manager (Freight)
NR Montable
commodity.
3.5.2.2 The repayment of capital cost as mentioned in para 3.5.2.1 above will be
done only if the Terminal achieves the target of loading one million Tonne
per annum within two Calendar Years of commissioning (excluding the
year of commissioning). For example, if a GCT commissioned during
calendar year 2022 achieves one million Tonne loading during calendar
year 2024, then the repayment of capital cost of new Block Hut/Block
station (through 10% rebate on outward traffic) shall start from 01st April
2025.
3.5.2.3 This repayment shall be made for the investment made by the GCTO on
behalf of Railways. As such, this repayment through freight rebate shall be
admissible over and above all other rebates that the GCTO may become
eligible for in future.
3.5.2.4 This provision of repayment shall be applicable only for GCTS for which
Agreement between RA and GCTO has not been entered into till the date
of issue of this Policy.
3.5.2.5 If the GCTO is not the consignor at any such terminal, an amount equal to
10% rebate on the outward traffic shall be reimbursed to the GCTO. The
tax liability, if any, for such reimbursement shall lie with the GCTO. The
total amount so reimbursed to the GCTO, including the applicable taxes,
shall not exceed the amount mentioned in the above para 5.5.2 and its
sub-paras.
4. Sub-Grade Work:
The sub-grade work, culverts & bridges, drains, pitching & protection work and ballast
supply shall be carried out at the cost and expense of the Applicant either by his own
agency or by the Railway Administration on his request. When the works or part of
them are carried out by the Applicant, the work shall conform to the Railway
Administration's drawings and specifications and shall be executed under the
supervision of Engineering staff of the Railway Administration or under the supervision
of Approved Consultant.
5. Security of Assets
5.1.
The responsibility of security of railway assets over Railway land shall be of
Railways. However, the responsibility of security of railway assets outside
Railway Land or on land licensed to GCTO shall be of GCTO.
5.1.1. In case of theft of any railway asset on non-Railway land, the maintenance of
which is with Railway, the restoration shall be done by Railway but the cost of
such restoration shall be borne by the GCTO.
5.1.2. In case of theft of OHE including OHE on non-Railway land, restoration shall
be done by Railway but the cost of such restoration shall be borne by the
GCTO.
6. Maintenance of Assets
6.1.
Maintenance of assets on Railway land, including Track and Signalling
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
4R%
USE
Chetan
(sive)
Dy Manager
Kribhco Feralizer's Ltd.
30 NO, <<<<<<
Piprola, Shanjahanpur
Sr. Divisional Manager (Fright)
NR United
Equipment installed on Railway land under para 5.1.1 of the policy, shall be done
by Railway at its own cost.
6.2.
Maintenance of OHE from the take-off point onward including inside the
Terminal shall be done by Railway at its own cost - as this involves safety of men
and equipment, and can also impact rail operations outside the Terminal
boundary.
6.3.
In addition to above, the maintenance of assets (track, bridges, signalling
equipment, etc) on non-Railway land outside the Terminal, may also be done by
Railway at its own cost if the GCTO transfers the ownership of these assets to
Railway (the ownership of land on which such assets are created shall however
continue to be with GCTO). Provided further, this provision shall be applicable
only to those GCTs where freight tariff is charged on 'through distance basis.' The
Applicant vide Letter No. KFL :SPN : RLY/2023/05 dated 16.05.2023 has
submitted that KFL shall be maintaining its assets, which includes track,
bridges, signaling equipment etc for which entire cost/expenditure has been
borne by KFL starting from take-off point at Banthra station to its end of
the terminal.
6.3.1. In case maintenance of assets, including Track and Signalling Equipment, is
being handed over to Railways on migration to this policy by GCTO, the GCTO
will ensure that the standards of track and signalling infrastructure being
transferred to Railway is in accordance with the prescribed standards for GCTs,
as decided by Railways (as per Annexure 'D' of the policy). If any up-gradation/
replacement/ renewal of any infrastructure is required, the GCTO shall bear the
cost for the same.
6.3.2. In case of damages to the assets due to accident, etc, the replacement shall be
done by Railway. However, if the responsibility of accident, after Enquiry (joint
enquiry by representatives of Railway as well as GCTO). is fixed on the GCTO
- the GCTO shall have to bear the cost of all the replacements. The decision of
the Nodal Officer, i.e. DRM, in this regard shall be final.
6.3.3. In case the damage to assets is due to an external cause (floods, breaches,
terrorist activity, etc), the cost of restoration shall be borne by the GCTO.
6.3.4. If the GCTO does not agree to transfer the ownership of assets (track, bridges,
signalling equipment, OHE, etc) to Railway as is the case for this siding or
freight tariff is not chargeable 'on through distance basis'; the maintenance of
these assets . except OHE - shall continue to be the responsibility of GCTO.
6.3.4.1 Railway shall be entitled to conduct periodic inspections of such GCTS
being maintained by the GCTO, for which Inspection Charges will be
levied as per the prescribed norms.
6.3.4.2 GCTO may also get the maintenance done through Railway for such
Terminals, in which case Maintenance Charges shall also be levied as per
the prescribed norms.
6.3.5. The maintenance of GCT yard, including loading/ unloading lines, shall be the
sole responsibility of GCTO. Distribution of the responsibility of track has been
explained in Schedule '3' of the policy.
6.3.6. At such GCTs, Railway shall maintain the signalling equipment till the
line-clear/ receipt-despatch arrangement with serving station(s). at its own cost.
Maintenance of signalling equipment internal to the Terminal shall be the sole
responsibility of the GCTO.
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
(291) below Reports sign
Dy. General Monager
00 20, questions
Kriblico Fundizers Ltd.
Sr. Divisional Commential Manager (Preight)
Piproia, Shahjahanpur
N°
7
6.4.
The cost of all subsequent up-gradations (on account of change of technology,
standards, etc) shall be borne by the GCTO.
6.5.
Maintenance of all the infrastructure and equipment inside the GCT which are not to
be accessed by Railways' rolling-stock, and maintenance of infrastructure required
for loading/unloading (tipplers, hoppers, etc) shall be the responsibility of GCTO.
7. Cost of Electrification
7.1.
In case of new GCT, the entire cost of electrification of the Terminal and the
connectivity portion between take off point and GCT, shall be borne by the GCTO.
7.2.
While undertaking electrification of main line and serving station by Railways, the
electrification of the existing GCT(s) including the rail-line connecting the
Terminal(s) shall be undertaken at the Railway's cost.
8. Handling of Wagons in GCTs:
8.1.
If any damage and deficiencies is caused to railway wagons due to the fault of the
GCTO, the damage and deficiency charges shall be raised by Railway and paid by the
GCTO as per the extant rules of Railways.
8.2.
All tipplers and bulk handling systems used for loading/unloading of Railway wagons
shall be provided and commissioned by GCTO at its own cost in accordance with the
RDSO's approved specifications. This provision shall however not be applicable on
the systems/ equipment installed by GCTO which are not to be used for handling
Railway wagons (such as conveyor-belts, JCBs, excavators, etc).
8.2.1. GCTO shall ensure that tipplers, bulk handling systems, and mechanized
equipment are operated only by the qualified and experienced staff under
adequate supervision.
8.2.2. Such equipment shall be regularly maintained and replaced at the end of their
codal life by GCTO at its own cost.
8.2.3. In case of any accident/ derailment inside the Terminal or outside the Terminal
up to serving station, Railway will provide Accident Relief Train (ART)
initially free of cost. Provided further, if the responsibility of accident/
derailment after enquiry is fixed on the GCTO, ART Charges shall be payable
by GCTO as prescribed by Railway from time to time. The due Charges will be
deducted from the future payments by Railway to GCTO. However, in case no
regular payments are being made by Railway to GCTO, on demand from
Railway, the GCTO shall pay ART Charges to Railway without any delay.
8.2.4. The accident enquiry as mentioned in para 9.2.3 above shall be conducted
jointly by the representatives of Railway and GCTO to be nominated by DRM
and GCTO respectively. The accepting authority of Enquiry Report shall be
DRM, whose decision shall be final and binding on GCTO.
9. C&W Maintenance Facilities
9.1.
Normally C&W facilities shall not be constructed at GCTS.
9.2.
However, if C&W facilities are operationally required at any GCT as per the extant
instructions, only one-time capital cost for setting-up these facilities shall be borne by
the GCTO. Operational costs, including staff cost and material cost (for
Railway-owned stock), shall however be borne by the Railway.
9.3.
For GCTs dealing with POL and other hazardous material, specialized facilities
inside the Terminal as well as in Railway yard (if required) shall be developed by the
78/05/13
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
Dy. General Manager
uRe Chetan (use)
Kribhco lizer's Lid.
Oc ca
Piprola, Shahjahanpur
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Preight)
8
GCTO at its own cost, and shall be maintained by GCTO to ensure that no untoward
incident/ accident takes place at such facilities.
10. Authorized Users
10.1. GCTO shall inform Railway about the authorized rail users of the GCT before
notification, so that they may be incorporated in the TMS module of FOIS.
10.2.
If the GCTO desires to add more rail users subsequently, GCTO shall inform Railway
at least seven (07) working days in advance, to enable incorporation of such rail users
in FOIS.
11. Commodities Permitted
11.1.
Unless otherwise specified by Indian Railway, a GCT shall be permitted to book and
handle all traffic including coal and coke, which shall be as per the guidelines of
'preferential traffic schedule' issued by Ministry of Railways from time to time.
11.2. The GCTO shall not be permitted to book and handle POL and any other such
hazardous/noo-hazardous commodity which requires specialized handling
arrangements which are presently beyond the purview of the present tender
document. However, the GCTO may develop such specialized arrangements in
the terminal with the prior approval of the Railways and thus, handle such
commodities.
12. Engine-on-Load (EOL) Scheme
12.1. All new GCTs shall be set up on 'charging on through distance basis,' as per the
instructions contained in Rates Master Circular on "Freight on Through Distance
Basis issued on 24.09.2014 (Annexure 'A' of the policy), as modified from time to
time.
12.2. All new GCTS charged on through distance basis shall be governed by the
Engine-on- Load policy (FM Circular No.05 of 2013 dated 07.03.2013), as modified
from time-to- time.
12.2.1. Railway may permit commissioning of a new GCT on non-EOL basis with the
approval of DRM, if Engine-on-Load scheme is not operationally feasible.
12.2.2. If a new GCT/existing terminal migrating to GCT policy is approved on
non-through distance basis - then the maintenance of assets on non-Railway
land (except OHE) - shall continue to be the responsibility of GCTO (as per
provision of Para 7.3.4 of GCT policy)
13. Charging of Commercial Staff
13.1. No cost of commercial staff will be charged from the GCTO w.e.f the date of issue of
this policy. However, for existing Terminals (where PFT/ Private Siding Agreement
has already entered into between RA and operator before the issue of this Policy)
where cost of commercial staff has already been deposited by the GCTO, there shall
be no refund. Further, dues of commercial staff cost pending, if any, as on the date of
issue of this policy shall be payable by GCTO.
14. Provision of Weighbridge
14.1. All GCTs planning to deal with outward cargo (loading) shall have a provision of
Electronic In-motion Weighbridge (EIMWB) at a suitable location inside the
Terminal. The EIMWB shall comply with OIML (International Organization of Legal
Sorth 18/05/23
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
allo chetan your (152)
Dr. Manager
Krichco Ferübers Ltd.
30 20. goods
So Divisional Commission Manager (Freight)
Piprola, Sharyshangur
Metrology)
document
(available
at
https://www.oiml.org/en/files/pdf_r/
r106-2-c12.pdf) and the latest RDSO specifications.
14.1.1. Provision of EIMWB shall not be essential for GCTs dealing with inward cargo
(unloading) only.
14.1.2. If a GCT without an EIMWB plans to start loading, the GCTO shall make
arrangements for provision of an EIMWB as per the provisions of the Policy.
DRM, in consultation with CFTM of the Railway, may, however permit loading
at a GCT (if operationally feasible) - by nominating an alternative Railway
weighbridge for weighment of rakes, awaiting installation of EIMWB, for a
period of up to six months at a time from the date of start of such loading. duly
recording the reasons for the same.
14.2.
GCTO shall bear the cost of procurement (inclusive of the requisite warranty and a
post-warranty comprehensive Annual Maintenance Contract (AMC) till the end of
codal life), installation, and replacement of the EIMWB at the end of its codal life.
GCTO shall also bear the cost of weighbridge house, weighbridge siding. and related
infrastructure.
14.3.
GCTO shall get the weighbridge certified by the Weights & Measures department of
the state government, and shall comply with all the applicable statutory and legal
requirements.
14.3.1. The weighbridge, after testing and certification by the Weights and Measures
department of the state government, shall be sealed by their personnel in
presence of GCTO's and Railway's representatives. This seal shall be broken, if
required, only in the presence of the personnel of Weights and Measures
department and Railway's representative.
14.4.
GCTO shall bear the cost of manpower to operate the EIMWB, and the cost for its
linking with FOIS.
14.5.
RR will be issued on the basis of weighment within a GCT as per the extant
instructions provided vide Rates Master Circular/Weighment/2019/0 dated
25.07.2019 and other applicable instructions of Railways (Annexure 'B' of the
policy), as modified from time to time.
14.6.
No extra free-time will be provided for weighment at an EIMWB inside a GCT. 14.7
14.7.
Railway Administration reserves the right to conduct periodic and/or surprise
inspections of the operation, functioning and calibration of EIMWB.
14.8.
For the purpose of mandatory testing of EIMWB, test-wagons shall be provided by
Railway on payment of Haulage Charges. These Haulage Charges shall be levied for
the actual distance travelled or 100 km, whichever is less.
14.8.1. In cases where there is more than one weighbridge located within a GCT, the
Haulage Charges as per para 14.8 above shall be levied for the first
weighbridge,' and shall be levied @25% of the charges for the 'first
weighbridge' for other weighbridges inside the Terminal.
14.8.2. For random surprise testing by Railway, test-wagons will be provided for
without levying Haulage Charges or any other charges.
14.8.3. Railway shall try to ensure availability of 'test wagon-sets' in the vicinity of all
GCTs, so that there is no delay in arranging these wagons for testing.
14.9.
If any overloading is detected in the outward traffic the same will have to be
unloaded/ re-adjusted at the Terminal itself - for which no extra free-time will be
provided.
14.10.
Whenever the EIMWB goes out of order, it shall be put right by the GCTO within
Sorth 12/05/23
Sanjay
Chetan
(Vic)
60
yourse
St. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight
NR Moradated
10
three days, failing which a penalty of Rs 4,000/- per day or part thereof for the next
ten days, and Rs 8,000/- per day or part thereof thereafter, shall be imposed.
14.11. Under exceptional circumstances, if it becomes essential to install the EIMWB of a
GCT either partially or wholly on Railway land not licensed to GCTO (on account of
operational and technical constraints), permission for the same may be given by the
DRM. Location of such an EIMWB shall be decided by Sr. DOM, in consultation
with Sr. DCM/FS, Sr. DEN & Sr. DME.
14.11.1. All terms and conditions applicable on EIMWB inside a GCT shall also be
applicable on an EIMWB installed by GCTO on such land. However, Railway
will be the executing agency for installation, operation, and maintenance of
such EIMWBs.
14.11.2. Cost of the comprehensive AMC and manpower to operate such EIMWB shall
be borne by the GCTO.
14.11.3. Railway will be free to weigh rakes other than those of the concerned GCT at
such EIMWB.
14.12. Railway may permit weight-o-meter/ pre-weighbin system of weighment in GCT on
case-to-case basis; on the joint recommendation of PCOM, PCME, PCE & PCCM
and with the personal approval of the General Manager, keeping in view the
requirement and to avoid any manipulation of weighment data.
14.12.1. Such equipment shall be certified by Weights & Measures department, and
should also meet all extant statutory provisions and policy guidelines.
14.12.2. The system should have proper locking/ sealing arrangement to avoid any
tampering with the system including software. The 'admin' control should rest
with the Railways.
14.12.3. One-to-one correspondence between Weight-o-meter discharge and
corresponding wagon shall be maintained by GCTO.
14.12.4. A procedure order for normal operations covering precautions to be taken to
ensure that wagons are empty before loading and periodical test weighing of
this system shall be maintained by GCTO.
14.12.5. The system should have interface with FOIS to avoid any error in data capture
during transmission.
14.13. GCTO may also be permitted to install an alternative means of weighment of wagons,
which should have accuracy level at least equal to that of EIMWB and should ensure
weighment within the time taken by EIMWB.
14.13.1. GCTO shall submit request for such alternative means of weighment, along
with all the necessary documents, which may be permitted by Railway on case-
to-case basis, on the joint recommendation of PCOM, PCME, PCE & PCCM
and with the personal approval of the General Manager.
14.13.2. GCTO shall be responsible for getting the proposed means of weighment of
wagons certified by Legal Metrology/ Weights & Measures department, and
also for ensuring its proper upkeep and maintenance at its own cost.
14.14.
Any other issue pertaining to installation, Commissioning, maintenance, and
functioning of EIMWB at a GCT, not covered under this policy, shall be governed
by the provisions contained in Rates Master Circular No. RMC/Provision of
Weighbridge/2019/0 dated 11.07.2019, as modified from time to time.
15. Installation of FOIS and TMS
15.1. FOIS and TMS with limited access as prescribed by Indian Railways shall be
State (Noths
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
and
Chetan
(182)
Dy
00 20,
Kribings Fereicor's Ltd.
Sr. Divisional Commental Manager (Freight)
Piprolo, Shanjahanpur
NR. Moradabad
11
installed at the GCT at the cost of GCTO. All RRs will be prepared through TMS.
Complete maintenance of FOIS and TMS will be done by Railway at its own cost.
15.1.1. Cost of replacement of FOIS and TMS equipment, at the end of their codal life,
shall be borne by the GCTO.
15.1.2. GCTO, at its own cost, shall provide all facilities (including room with
necessary infrastructure for office activities, furniture, electricity, hardware,
network connectivity, telephone, etc) for installing FOIS terminal in the GCT.
for issuing of RR and/or taking delivery of consignment.
16. General Conditions
16.1.
Applicant/ GCTO will be solely responsible for (a) arranging/ acquiring/ ownership/
lease/ licensing of non-Railway land for the development of GCT: (b) all statutory
and non-statutory clearances from other government departments and statutory
bodies; and (c) payment of all charges, taxes/ GST, surcharges, cess, levies, etc,
related to transportation and handling of cargo.
16.2.
For GCTs being developed entirely on non-Railway land, the portion of land required
for linear connectivity of GCT with the serving Railway station may be acquired by
Railway Administration on the specific request of applicant/ GCTO and at the cost of
the applicant/GCTO, under the 'Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in
Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013'/ "The Railway Act,
1989'.
16.2.1. An estimate of the cost of the land, prepared by Railway Administration in
consultation with the Land Acquisition Officer, will be presented to the
applicant, who shall deposit the amount before any further action is initiated for
the acquisition of land. The applicant shall also agree to pay on demand such
excess cost, if any, as may be incurred for the acquisition of this land.
16.2.1.1 The applicant shall also agree to compensate Railway if any extra cost is
incurred by Railway arising out of such acquisition, even after
commissioning of the Terminal.
16.2.2. Ownership of the land so acquired will vest with Railway, and the applicant for
the Terminal shall have no right or claim thereto.
16.2.3. The entire cost of Railway infrastructure to be developed on such portion of
acquired land will be borne by the GCTO, however the ownership of assets so
created on such land will rest with Railway. Railway will reserve the right to
grant connectivity to other Gati Shakti Cargo Terminal(s) taking off from the
track passing over this land.
16.3.
Unless otherwise mentioned in this policy, all "Commercial and Operating rules' as
applicable for a goods-shed for booking, supply and delivery of goods shall be
applicable at GCTs.
16.4.
The GCTO shall be responsible for clearance of all Railway dues, including
demurrage charges, accrued within the GCT. For the sake of clarity, it is explicitly
mentioned that demurrage charges will be borne by the GCTO for demurrage
occurring on its own. private land or occurring on railway land licensed to the GCTO.
16.5.
The cost of electricity/ diesel consumed by Railway locomotives shall be borne by
Railway.
16.6. The GCTO shall provide at his own cost the level-crossings and ROB/ RUB/ LHSs
for safe passage of trains as well as road vehicles, as per requirement and prescribed
norms.
The 18/05/23
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
des Chetan 100 divide STATE (BC)
Di, Chard Manager
Kribheo Father's Ltd.
30 20. yourse
Piprota, Shahjahanpur
Sr. Divisional Commatical Manager (Freight)
LO
12
16.6.1. All level-crossings have to be provided with requisite infrastructure (gate-post,
gate-lodge, etc) and have to be manned by GCTO at its own cost.
16.6.1.1 If the level-crossing becomes due for interlocking, the cost of
interlocking shall be borne by the GCTO.
16.6.2. Maintenance of level-crossings falling on the track being maintained by
Railway shall be done by Railway at its own cost; while maintenance of
level-crossings falling on the track being maintained by the GCTO shall be
done by GCTO (as illustrated in Section III of Schedule '3').
16.7.
Railway shall reserve the right to grant connectivity to another GCT(s) from the
portion of track on Railway land as well as from the portion of track which is being
maintained (and assets are owned) by Railway. For the sake of clarity, Railway may
permit connectivity to another Terminal from the connectivity portion of a Terminal
(i) on Railway land where the assets are owned and maintained by Railway: and (ii)
on non-Railway land where the ownership of assets has been transferred to Railway
by the GCTO, and the assets are maintained by Railway though the land is owned by
the GCTO. This provision shall be applicable on non-Railway land for all new GCTs,
as well as on existing Terminals who decide to migrate to this Policy and transfer the
ownership of assets on their land to Railway.
16.8.
The Railway land to be used for providing connectivity to a GCT (on non-Railway
land) shall not be licensed to the GCTO. This land shall remain in the possession and
control of Railway, and the infrastructure (track, signalling equipment, and OHE)
developed on this land, though funded and constructed by the GCTO, shall also be
owned by Railway - as per the provisions of para 5.1.2 & 5.1.3 of the Policy.
16.9.
For GCTS developed entirely on non-Railway land, Railway will levy Terminal
Charges for each rake handled (as per the applicable guidelines). which will be
reimbursed to the GCTO.
16.10.
No Terminal Charges shall be levied on cargo for which GCTO himself is the
consignor and/or the consignee.
16.11.
No Terminal Access Charges will be levied for rakes of privately-owned wagons
when handled at GCTS built entirely on non-Railway land.
17.
Dispute Resolution
17.1.
In case of any dispute arising in the interpretation of the Policy, the decision of DRM
will be final and binding.
17.2.
Conciliation: All disputes and differences of any kind whatsoever arising out of or in
connection with the construction and operations of GCT shall be referred by the
GCTO to Railway Administration through Notice of Dispute.' RA shall, within 30
days after receipt of the 'Notice of Dispute,' notify the name of conciliator(s) to the
GCTO. The Conciliator(s) shall assist the parties to reach an amicable settlement in
an independent and impartial manner within the terms of Agreement. If the parties
reach agreement on a settlement of the dispute, they shall draw up and sign a written
Settlement Agreement duly signed by Railway's representative (Sr.DCM), GCTO and
conciliator(s). When the settlement agreement is signed, it shall be final and binding
on the parties. The conciliators shall be paid fee as fixed by Ministry of Railways
time to time, which shall be shared equally by the parties. For other issues related
with Conciliation, terms and conditions defined under Indian Railways General
Conditions of Contract 2020 may be followed.
17.2.1. The parties shall not initiate, during the conciliation proceedings, any reference
to arbitral or judicial proceedings in respect of a dispute that is the subject
18/05/23
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
qive Chetom ONION (the)
Killino Fertificor's Ltd.
E, B
Piproia, Shargehanpur
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
NR Medication
13
matter of the conciliation proceedings.
17.2.2. The conciliation shall be carried out as per "The Arbitration and Conciliation.
Act, 1996 (26 of 1996) or any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof"
and the proceedings shall be terminated as per Section 76 of the above Act.
17.3.
Arbitration: If the dispute is not settled through Conciliation (as mentioned in para
17.2), it shall be decided by reference to arbitration. Arbitration shall be carried out as
per provisions available for arbitration in Indian Railways General Conditions of
Contract 2020 for works contracts, 85 amended from time to time.
17.4. Governing Law & Jurisdiction: This Agreement is governed by and shall be
construed in accordance with the laws of India. In case of any dispute and difference
arises, the Court of the place, where Land License Agreement has been made, shall
only have the jurisdiction to try such litigation.
18. Termination of the Agreement
18.1. Subject to the provisions in the Agreement, Railway Administration may terminate
the Agreement with a GCTO operating a GCT in the event of any serious irregularity
committed by the GCTO. This may include any grave breach of the terms and
conditions of the Agreement, any default by GCTO, violation of The Railway Act,
1989, or commission of an unlawful act which is not in-line with Good Industry
Practices.
18.2. Before terminating the Agreement, RA shall first issue a Show Cause Notice,
informing GCTO to submit representation within 30 days. If no response is received,
or if the response of GCTO is not satisfactory. a written Notice of Termination
specifying a grace period of 180 days shall be given to the GCTO, by Sr. DCM with
the approval of DRM. However, if no reply to the Notice for Termination is received
within 180 days of the issue of Notice for Termination, the Agreement with GCTO
will stand terminated and the same shall be communicated by Sr. DCM to GCTO. No
termination payment shall be made by RA to the GCTO.
18.2.1. If the GCTO submits a reply within 180 days, RA will take further course of
action on the merit of the case.
18.3.
The GCTO will also have the right to terminate the Agreement by giving a notice of
180 days to the Railway Administration in the event of any difficulty faced by the
GCTO in smooth functioning of the Terminal for reasons attributable to Railway as
laid down in this policy, or for any other reason internal to the GCTO. No termination
payment shall be asked by Railway from GCTO.
18.4.
Any dispute arising out of this Agreement will be resolved through the Dispute
Resolution Mechanism as prescribed under Para 17 above.
19. Power To Stop Traffic And To Terminate Agreement In Certain Events: The Railway
Administration shall have the absolute right to refuse at any time to allow their rolling stock to
go on or be used upon the Terminal or any part or extension thereof and shall also be entitled to
determine this Agreement at any time after the happening of any of the following events:
19.1. In the event of the Applicant failing to deposit within the time fixed for the purpose
any sum of sums required to be deposited under the provision of these presents or
according to any direction of the Railway Administration.
19.2.
In the event of the Applicant failing to pay any other sums payable to the Railway
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
Chetan
N.Rly.
D, Gonern -
(20)
Kribito Fertilizer's Ltd.
TO to
Piprola, Shahjahanpur
Sr Divisional Commanical Unsager (Freight)
14
plane
Administration under this Agreement or any other changes payable to the Railway
administration in respect of the terminal or the use thereof within one month after the
due date of payment or in the event of a due date not being specified then within one
month after service of a written-demand for payment.
19.3.
In the events of the Applicant failing to comply with any requisition of the Railway
Administration to remove or repair any defect which in the opinion of the Railway
administration may endanger the working and safety of the terminal within such time
as shall be fixed by the Railways Administration for the purpose.
19.4.
In the events of the Applicant ceasing for a consecutive period of 3 (three) months to
use the terminal or any part for extension thereof for the Applicant's own traffic in
connection with the Applicant's Works.
19.5.
In the event of the Applicant contravening the provision of Clause 15 hereof.
19.6:
In the event of the Applicant failing to observe or perform any other obligation on his
part herein contained.
19.7.
In the event of the terminal becoming dangerous or defective by reason of any act of
God or other act or circumstances for which the Railway Administration is not
responsible.
19.8.
In the event of any branch line, terminal or part or extension thereof. connecting the
terminal or any part or extension thereof with the Railway system, becoming
dangerous or defective for any reason whatsoever and whether such branch line,
terminal part or extension shall belong to the Applicant or to any third person.
19.9.
In the event of any branch line, terminal or any part or extension thereof connecting
the terminal or any part or extension thereof with the Railway system. being closed
by the Railway Administration under any powers which the Railway Administration
may possess whether by status or by Agreement with third persons or closed by order
of the Government of India or any State Government.
The Applicant shall have no claim whatsoever against the Railway Administration in respect of
any refusal by the Railway Administration to allow their rolling stock to go on or be used upon
the terminal or any connected Terminal or branch line in any of the aforesaid events.
Provided always that on the happening of any of the events mentioned in sub-Clauses 19.1.
19.2. 19.4, 19.5, 19.6, the Railway Administration shall not exercise the power conferred upon it
by this Clause unless 14 (Fourteen) days' previous notice has been given in writing requiring
the Applicant to comply with the demand or requisition as the case may be, of the Railway
Administration and the Applicant has failed to comply with the Same within the time specified in
such notice.
No notice shall be required to be given in the cases specified in the other sub-clauses of this
clause.
20. Termination of Agreement on Death. Insolvency etc. : This agreement may be determined by
the Railway Administration without prior notice at any time after the happening of any of the
following events:
20.1.
In the event of the death of the Applicant, if he is an individual person.
20.2.
In the event of a partition of the Joint family properties, if the Applicant is a Joint
family governed by the Mitakshara School if Hindu Law.
20.3.
In the event of dissolution of partners either by act of parties or by order of Court, if
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
Chetan
Dv
Gene
aRe
30 20, generale
Fipruia, Shargehonpur
Sr Divisional Commercial Manager-(Freight)
NO
15
the Applicant is a firm or other association or body of individuals.
20.4.
In the event of dissolution of partners either by act of parties or by order of Court, if
the Applicant is a firm or other association or body of individuals.
20.5.
In the event of Applicant becoming insolvent or going into liquidation either
voluntarily or under an order of a competent Court.
20.6.
In the event of the Applicant's interest in the works becoming wholly or partially
vested in some other person.
20.7.
In the event of the Applicant contravening the provision of Clause 21 hereof.
21. Agreement To Bind Applicant Until Terminated By The Railway Administration
21.1. Until terminated by the Railway Administration or unless and until the person or
persons in whom the entire rights and interests of the Applicant have vested and with
wham the Railway Administration has agreed to enter into a Cargo Terminal
Agreement has executed and registered such Agreement in the same form as these
presents or in such other form as the Railway Administration may require as provided
in Clause 21 hereof. this Agreement shall be binding upon the Applicant and the
successors in title or interest of the Applicant in the Applicant's work
(i)
Provided that the Applicant may by giving 6 (six) months' notice to the
Railway Administration, discontinue the use of the terminal. In such event, the
Applicant shall not be liable for the payment of maintenance and other charges under
the Agreement for the period subsequent to the date of expiry of the said notice, but
nevertheless all other obligations under the Agreement shall be binding on him.
(ii) Provided further that the Railway Administration has the right without
assigning any reason to terminate this Agreement on 6 (six) months' notice.
22. Right To Charge Interest On Money Due Hereunder To The Railway Administration:
Notwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing Clauses of this Agreement, the Ratlway
Administration shall have the right to charge and recover from the Applicant interest at such
rates, as may be fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time on any or all sums
payable by the Applicant under the terms thereof. if such sums are not paid within one month
from the due date and if no such date is fixed. within one month from the date on which a
written demand is made by the railway Administration.
23. Right Of Deduction Of Money Due To The Railway Administration The Railway
Administration shall have the right to deduct from any amount which may become payable by
the Railway Administration to the Applicant or to the legal representative of the Applicant any
money due from the Applicant to the Railway Administration under these presents or for freight,
haulage or other charges or otherwise in connection with the construction. maintenance or
working of the terminal.
24. Service Of Notices On Applicant: The Applicant shall maintain a proper office to which all
letters, notices, demands and other communications intended for the Applicant may be sent and
every notice, demand or other communication which shall be delivered at or sent by Registered
Post to such office shall for all purposes whatsoever be deemed to have been validly and
effectively delivered to the Applicant.
Student 18/05/23
Chetan
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
Date mill
Get Minager
TO 20, generals
Ltd.
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
NR. Moradabad
Piprola, Shahjahanpur
16
25. Exercise Of Powers: Subject as otherwise provided in this agreement, all notices to be
given on behalf of the President of India and all other actions to be taken on his behalf may be
given or taken on his behalf by the Railway Administration; the agreement signing authority or
his authorized representative.
26. Alteration/Variation Of The Agreement: Except as hereby provided any verbal or written
arrangement or abandoning, varying or supplementing this Agreement or any of the terms
hereof shall be deemed conditional and shall not be binding on the railway administration
unless and until the same is endorsed on this agreement or incorporated in a formal instrument
and signed by the parties hereto and till then the Railway administration shall have the right to
repudiate such arrangement.
27. Applicant Not To Transfer Rights;
27.1. The Applicant shall not be entitled to assign or transfer or subject or permit to be
used OF enjoyed by any other person in any manner whatsoever any of the rights or
benefits conferred upon the Applicant by these presents and any purported
assignment transfer or subletting or permission shall be void and of no effect.
Provided also that in the event of any other person being permitted by the Railway
Administration to use the terminal on the Applicant's request or otherwise, the
Applicant shall remain responsible to the Railway Administration for all the charges
and obligations under this Agreement.
27.2.
Provided, however, that if the Applicant shall desire 10 transfer the Applicant's Works
to any person or if the applicant being a Company shall go into liquidation and such
intended transferee or the liquidator of the Company shall desire the use and benefit
of the terminal than subject to the under mentioned conditions being complied with
the Railway Administration may at its discretion on the written request of the
Applicant and of the intended transferee or liquidator made prior to the transfer or
within one month after the commencement of the liquidation as the case may be and
after production by the transferee of the registered Deed of Transfer of the
Applicant's Works pr after proof by the liquidator of this intension to carry on the
Company's business for the purpose of the liquidation proceedings, allow the
transferee or liquidator the use and benefit of the terminal. The conditions above
mentioned are the following:
(i)
That the liquidator shall be approved by the Railway Administration,
but such approval will not unreasonably be withheld.
(ii)
That the liquidator shall duly sign and register a Cargo Terminal
Agreement in the same form as these presents so far as then applicable or in
such other form as the Railway Administration may then require.
(iii)
That the applicant, Railway Administration and transferee shall duly
execute an agreement of assignment as may be prescribed by the Railway
Administration.
28. Cost of Execution Of Agreement: All expenses in drawing up the Agreement and the cost of
stamping and registration shall be borne by the TO/Applicant. "Money receipt obtained from
the Registration Office should be handed over to the Railways for collection of registered
agreement which shall remain in the custody of Railways. Any charges, if levied for collection
Stash Poloshs
Chetan
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
N.Rly.
Dy
Kribhco citizer's Lid.
Piprola, Charjahanpur
17
of registered agreement, shall also be borne by the Applicant.
29. Agreement period The period of Agreement for operation of Gati-shakti Rail Cargo
Terminals shall be for a maximum period of 35 years, which can be renewed further according
to the rules and procedures applicable at the time of renewal.
30. Agreement In Force From: The agreement shall be deemed to have come into force on and
from
(8.05.2023
31. Head Notes : The head notes herein are for the convenience of reference only and shall not
affect the construction of these presents.
In WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to these presents have set and subscribed their respective
hands and seals hereunto on the day and year first above written.
For and on behalf of
THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA (First Party)
SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED BY
STATE
(see)
18.05.2023
Name:
CHETAN TANEJA
(Pright)
Designation SR.DCM/FS/MB
(Sr. Divl. Commercial Manager)
Address:
(Authorized Signatory)
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
Dr
(Second Party)
(SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED by
Name
:
Pieroia Chargehanper
Designation
Address:
In the present of
Witness
1. Hement Kumar w
N.Riy.
18
2. Mumar
Dated the
18th
Day of May 2023
Cargo Terminal Agreement-
Reg. No.:
For
Terminal
At Kilometre:
Between Stations
and
18/18/18/03
Chetan
18.05.23
Sanjay Kumar Mishra
(23) whenk new myse
Kill
Dy Gener Manager
BD to
Sr. Divisional Commercial Munager (Proight)
Postote
NR Moradabad
N.Riy.