Agreement for Gati Shakti Multi-Modal
Cargo Terminal (fully/partially) on
Railway Land
Moradabad Division
Northern Railway
"Gati-Shakti Rail Multi-Modal Cargo
Terminal" Agreement
For
Development of Gati-Shakti Multi-Modal
Cargo Terminal (GCT) at PATHRI Station
Entirely on Railway Land
GCT/Pathri
INDIA NON JUDICIAL
CORPORATION
Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi
and
₹100
e-Stamp
Certificate No.
: IN-DL95021 187967400W
Certificate Issued Date
:
29-May-2024 11.49 AM
Account Reference
: IMPACC (IV) dif 027103/ DELHI/ DL-DCH
Unique Doc. Reference
: SUBIN-OLDL102710346038334529586W
Purchased by
: CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD
0012001200120012
Description of Document
: Anicle 5 General Agreement
Property Description
: Not Applicable
Consideration Price (Rs.)
: o
(Zerd)
First Party
: CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD
Second Party
: NORTHERN RAILWAY
Stamp Duty Paid By
:
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD
Stamp Duty Amount(Rs.)
: 100
(Orie Hundred only)
HC449 GRA
TMPLICATE CATE
₹100
IN DL85021187967400W
Please with or type below this line
Agreement for Gati Shakti Multi-modal Cargo Terminal
(fully/partially) on Railway Land
Moradabad Division, Northern Railway
"Gati-Shakti Rail Multi-modal Cargo Terminal" Agreement
This Agreement is made and executed at Divisional Railway Manager
or
30ⁿ
Office, Northern Railway, Moradabad on this
MAY
2024.
Day of
Page 1 of 35
SIR. docum T.R. Venkateshware
. Credit Manager
Container went Corporation of india
Statutory Alert:
of
using
1.
The discrepancy authinticity of in dis the details on this Certificate, qualition the website Mobie
App
Navratha Underlaking 1 of Ministry will of Railway
The Any onus of checking the legismation of importificate
2 3. of
intereift CONCOR when Annaxe, ques, NBIC Business
in case any (Freight)
atranger Okhie Indl. afrective Estate, New Delhi-110020
NR
BY AND BETWEEN
The President of India acting through (Senior Divisional Commercial
Manager - Freight Services, Northern Railway, Moradabad Division)
having its office at Rail campus, Civil lines, DRM Office, Moradabad
(hereinafter referred to as "The Railway Administration" which terms
or expression shall, unless excluded by or repugnant to the subject or
context, mean and include its successor-in-office, administrators or
permitted assignees) of the One Part;
AND
Container Corporation of India Limited, having its registered office
at CONCOR BHAWAN, C-3 Mathura Road, Opposite Apollo
Hospital, New Delhi-110076" and its principal office in India at NSIC
New MDBP Building, 3rd Floor, Okhla Industrial Estate, New
Delhi-110020" [hereinafter referred to as ("Applicant or GCTO")*
which terms or expression shall, unless excluded by or repugnant to the
subject or context, mean and include its successor-in-office,
administrators or permitted assignees] of the Other Part.
WHEREAS The Applicant is desirous of having a Cargo Terminal laid by
the Railway Administration at Pathri from the Pathri station yard of the
Moradabad Division of Northern Railway taking off from Kilometer No.
13.80 between IKKAR station and AITHAL station of the Railway as
shown in red and green on the plan bearing CE's No. NR DRM-MB PLAN
NO. Y-284/PRI/GSU/MB/22 (or latest plan bearing CE's No
)
hereto annexed for the purpose of carrying on the Applicant's business in
the Applicant's premises situated at District Haridwar.
aRe 4080 R MM (we)
are Venkateshwaren
K. were form Ltd.
wystem (W. « General Manager milked (C80)
Page 2 of 35
Corporation of India
(top havrains Undertaking of Ministry of
(stempted was Lein, awing
30 to, The
a 1 will Park
interest CONCOR Annaxe, NSIC Business
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Fex):
strent Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
shabilite quite, of
NR. facradabad
AND WHEREAS the Railway Administration is willing to lay the said cargo
terminal for the said Applicant upon and subject to the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth.
NOW, Therefore, this Agreement witnesseth as follows:
1. Interpretation: In these presents, unless the context otherwise
requires, the following Words and Expressions have the meaning and
shall be interpreted as specified, namely-
Words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice
versa.
"Person" includes a firm or other association or body of individuals and a
Company or other Corporate Body.
"The Railway Administration" means and includes the General Manager
for the time being of (Northern Railway) Railway and any officer of the
(Northern) Railway authorized by any such General Manager to deal with
any matters, with which these presents are concerned.
"The Applicant" means the person named as party hereto of the other
part and includes in the case of a firm or other association or body of
individuals, the individual person or persons for the time being and from
time to time constituting the association or body and, In the case of a
company, corporation or body corporate the Successor in business of
interest, such company, corporation or body corporate for the time
being.
"Works" means the premises belonging to or occupied or used by the
Applicant which are connected with the (Northern) Railway system by
the terminal herein before mentioned,
"Undertaking" includes all land, rallway lines, works, buildings, engines,
rolling stock and other movable or immovable property now or at any
time hereafter forming part of or pertaining to the Northern Railway
(2%) holefits 8
a GIR. T.R. Venkateshwaran
1. rempérs (un General Manager (C&O)
Container Corporation of India
PIT 1420 nights
30 20,
Page 3 of 35
(tor - THAT was -
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
(A internate VM and e Receiver Park
Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Railways) untils
NR. Moradabad
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business
strent stre/me quère, of
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
system as now or hereafter constituted and all engines and rolling stock
(whether belonging to the Northern Railway system or not) passing over
such system.
"Terminal" Includes the Railway track connecting the Applicant's works
with the Rallway system, as hereinafter agreed to be constructed by the
Railway Administration and all branches and extensions thereof which
may hereafter be constructed by the Applicant or by the Railway
Administration at the Applicant's request and all sleepers, ballast,
embankments, bridges, tunnels, signals interlocking and tele-
communication equipment gates, buildings and other constructions,
erections, works and movable property constructed / erected / made/
provided or used in connection with the said track and also all land
whereon or on part whereof the said track and connected things
aforesaid are constructed / erected / made / provided or used including
land acquired for the purpose thereof as hereinafter provided and land
belonging to the Railway Administration and land belonging to or
occupied or used by the Applicant.
The Cargo Terminal shall cover only that portion of track network on
which Railway rolling stock will ply. The network utilized by the
Company/Party for their internal use shall not form part of the Cargo
Terminal defined herein."
"Sub-grade Work" includes the construction of embankments, the
making of cuttings and the carrying out of other earth work, the
construction of bridges (exclusive of girder works), buildings, platforms,
tunnels, culverts, drains and openings and laying out of ballast and all
other works necessary to permit the laying and construction of railway
track of the terminal and generally all works which have to be
abandoned, if the terminal be closed.
"Permanent Way Materials" Includes girders, rails, sleepers, fastenings,
points and crossings, fencings, signaling, interlocking and
telecommunication equipment and over- head structure and any other
possulated
2
a sire docam! T.R. Venkateshweren
a - (81 General Manager (C&O)
street Container Corporation of india Ltd.
14210
alto (ure) Page 4 of 35
and a wh - V)
(tor Navretna Undertaking of Ministry of Rubways) code
vintera WIT waver
S B
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Fringht)
above should quête, ml
NR, Moradabad
Okhla Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
things connected therewith for electric traction and other machinery
(except station machinery) and equipments necessary for working the
terminal.
"Legal Representative" means any person who is competent to give the
Railway Administration a valid discharge in respect of any money or
property which may be payable or deliverable to the Applicant and
shall include the executor and administrator of a deceased person, a
succession certificate holder, the surviving or continuing partners or
members in the case of a firm, association or body of individuals, the
certificated guardian if a minor's property, the committee of lunatic, the
assignee or receiver of an insolvent's estate, the liquidator of a
Company, a receiver and any person legally appointed to represent the
estate of the Applicant.
Meaning of other key terms not mentioned above, shall be same as
given in para 2 (Definitions) of the Gati Shakti Multi-modal Cargo
Terminal Policy issued vide Freight Marketing Master Circular/2022 dated
06.12.2022.
* Note: Forms Of Description Of The Applicant -
(Where a single person is the Applicant) "and A.B. (insert full name) of
(insert address and occupation)"
(Where two or more persons are Joint Applicants), "and A.B. (insert full
name) of (insert address and occupation) and C.D.: (insert full name) of
(insert address and occupation)".
(Where a single person trading under a different fee name is the
Applicant) "and A.B. (Insert full name) of (insert address and
occupation) carrying a business under the name or style of (insert name)
at (if the business is carried on at a different address from the address
already Inserted then Insert such additional address)."
after R THE (4.c)
Troowhaled
SITE & Venkateshwaran
( - (if 1 V& General Manager (C&O)
DO 925
were Prime father
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
& Divisioned Manager (Freeht)
Page 5 of 35
(RM vierra - - STATE)
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Rathways)
effects questi, VT amt - unle
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
afreren shehine prés, of Reveb-110020
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
(Where a partnership firm is the Applicant and the names of the partner
known), "and A.B. (Full name) and C.D. (full name) carrying on business
partnership as (insert nature of business) under the style or firm of
(insert name or style of the firm and address).
(Where a partnership firm is the applicant and the names of partners are
not known), "and A &Co. (insert name or style of the firm) a partnership
firm carrying on business at (insert address) as (insert nature of
business)."
(Where an incorporated Company is the Applicant), "CONTAINER
CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED a company incorporated in INDIA
and having its registered office at CONCOR BHAWAN, C-3 Mathura
Road, Opposite Apollo Hospital, New Delhi-110076" and its
principal office in India at NSIC New MDBP Building, 3rd Floor, Okhla
Industrial Estate, New Delhi-110020".
(Where the Applicant is a joint family governed by the Mitakshara School
of Hindu Law), "A.B. (insert full name) for self and as Karta or managing
member of the Joint family, governed by the Mitakshara School of Hindu
Law, carrying on business under the name or style of (insert name under
which the joint family business is carried on) at (Insert address) and
C.D.E.F.G.H. etc.. (insert full name) being the other adult members of
the said Joint family.
2. Agreement To Construct Gati Shakti Multi-Modal Cargo Terminal
(GCT) :
Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter contained, the
Railway Administration shall at the cost and expense of the Applicant
in all respects, construct partly or fully on the land of the Railway
Administration and partly or fully on the land of the Applicant of the
said
Cargo
Terminal,
from
(length
of
(25) shink X Rich milh
a. SITV. T.R. Venkateshwaran
(MI. General Manager (C&O)
PI 16242 .
TID 20.
Page 6 of 35
Container Corporation of India
while 1.6km -
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
(ter Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of 1
wed 4ª MD 1 Applican X)
NR, Moradabad
CONCOR Annaxe, NSIC Business
við
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Dalhi-110020
terminal) Kilometers on
(name of portion) Branch as shown in red and green on the plan
annexed
hereto
(bearing
CE's
No.
)
connecting the Applicant's work known as GATI SHAKTI MULTI
MODAL CARGO TERMINAL situated at or near PATHRI in the
District of HARIDWAR with the system at or near Pathri
station yard of the Moradabad Division of Northern Railway.
3. Railway land where GCT is developed partially or wholly on railway
land (except for Railway land provided for the connectivity to GCT as
mentioned in para 13 of Schedule 1 & 2 of the Gati Shakti Multi-modal
Cargo Terminal Policy issued vide Freight Marketing Master Circular/2022
dated 06.12.2022) will be licensed to GCTO - for which modalities of
calculating and levying land license fee shall be as per extant
rules/Board's circular on land licensing (2021/LML/25/5 dated
04.10.2022), as amended from time to time.
3.1
A separate Land Licensing Agreement shall be executed between
the Railway administration and the GCTO as per Annexure
4. Capital Cost of GCT
4.1
The GCTO shall bear the entire capital cost of new GCT from the
take-off point onwards, as marked on the Engineering Scale Plan (ESP)
at the serving station.
4.1.1 For the connectivity portion of GCT passing through the Railway
land, GCTO shall provide only the minimum essential infrastructure of
track (including bridges and earth work, as required), OHE and signalling
equipment at the cost of GCTO (other assets not related to track,
signalling, or OHE, if required, shall be constructed by Railway at its own
cost). In case of any dispute, the decision of DRM shall be final in this
regard.
(201) Френк 18 prote Parth
TRawbaloh
& SIR document T.R. Venkateshwaran
1 - ( and )18c General Manager (C&O)
30 20,
with where form
Sr. Divisional Commin Manager (Freight)
Page 7 of 35
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(tor читета UNT movent -
NR.
(A Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Raihways)
effects wint V9 un and North endr
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
abover quee, ml
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
4.1.2 The ownership of infrastructure including the track, signalling
equipment and OHE created on Railway land under para 5.1.1 of Master
Circular on Gati Shakti Multi- modal Cargo Terminal Policy dated
06.12.2022 (hereinafter referred to as the policy) shall belong to
Railway, even though the capital cost for these shall be borne by the
GCTO.
4.1.3 Railways shall not levy any departmental charges for
supervision, inspection and related activities for the construction of GCT.
4.2
The capital cost for all common-user traffic facilities at the
serving station (as marked on the ESP), including Signaling &
Telecommunication works, modification and up-gradation to existing
interlocking/ OHE, or electrification in future within the station limit up to
take-off point, shall be borne by the Railway.
4.2.1 The GCTO owner, in order to expedite commissioning of his
terminal may also opt for bearing the cost of common user traffic
facilities that is to be normally borne by Rallways, subject to the
condition that:
- Work shall be executed through Railways approved
consultant/contractors.
- Ownership of such assets will remain with Railways.
- The detailed estimate shall be prepared and vetted by the
Division.
4.2.2 An amount equivalent to ten percent (10%) freight discount
only on the total goods traffic handled (inward as well as outward)
in the GCT shall be reimbursed to the GCTO in lieu of bearing the
capital cost for common-user traffic facilities. This reimbursement of
capital cost to GCTO shall be done after due verification from the
Accounts department of the concerned Division - and shall be for a
period of ten years or till the recovery of capital cost, whichever is
earlier.
4.3
Maintenance and operation of assets created under para 5.2 of
the policy (common-user traffic facilities) at the serving station including
staff costs, shall be the responsibility of the Railway.
religio X Estable Bigh
CL SIR. docser T.R. Venkateshweren
. - (at. de at General Manager (C&O)
atème faires
TO
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
Page 8 of 35
(tor THT mater supm)
Sr.
Divicion
(A Nevratna Underlaking of Ministry of Railways)
effective 11 - and vith and
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
streran strether were TÉ freen-110020
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
4.4
The capital expenditure required for augmenting or up-grading
the facilities and infrastructure on the connectivity portion from take-off
point onwards towards Terminal and within the premises of Terminal
shall be borne by the GCTO.
4.5
The connectivity to GCTs shall normally take-off from the
existing serving station. However, in case when it is operationally not
feasible to provide a connection from an existing serving station,
provision of a Block Hut/ Block station (between two existing stations)
with required points & crossings and necessary signaling arrangements
may be considered, provided it is operationally feasible. This will be done
on the request of GCTO.
4.5.1 In such cases, the entire capital cost of the new Block Hut/
Block station and related infrastructure shall be borne by the GCTO.
However, ownership of the same shall remain with the Railway.
4.5.2 However, for new GCTs planned to load one million Tonne or
more (outward traffic) per annum, the capital cost of new Block Hut/
Block station will be repaid to the GCTO by Railway.
4.5.2.1 The repayment of capital cost of the new Block Hut/
Block station will be made by Railway through a 10% rebate on the
outward traffic loaded at the Terminal, till such time the capital
cost has been repaid to the GCTO. This 10% rebate shall be
granted on the normal tariff rate (NTR) of the commodity.
4.5.2.2 The repayment of capital cost as mentioned in para
4.5.2.1 above will be done only if the Terminal achieves the target
of loading one million Tonne per annum within two Calendar Years
of commissioning (excluding the year of commissioning). For
example, if a GCT commissioned during calendar year 2022
achieves one million Tonne loading during calendar year 2024, then
the repayment of capital cost of new Block Hut/ Block station
(through 10% rebate on outward traffic) shall start from 01st April
2025.
aRe R (Ife)
a are Venkateshwaran
* - (w. General Manager (C&O)
serveire attay Proper father
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
do RO, generale
(tor sintere - -
Page 9 of 35
Navraina Undertaking of Ministry of Railways)
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
without street 1 emt who Provider vardo
CONCOR Annexe, NBIC Business Park
NR, Moradabad
afrero vote, 1
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
4.5.2.3 This repayment shall be made for the investment made
by the GCTO on behalf of Railways. As such, this repayment
through freight rebate shall be admissible over and above all other
rebates that the GCTO may become eligible for in future.
4.5.2.4 This provision of repayment shall be applicable only for
GCTs for which Agreement between RA and GCTO has not been
entered into till the date of issue of this Policy.
4.5.2.5 If the GCTO is not the consignor at any such terminal,
an amount equal to 10% rebate on the outward traffic shall be
reimbursed to the GCTO. The tax liability, if any, for such
reimbursement shall lie with the GCTO. The total amount so
reimbursed to the GCTO, including the applicable taxes, shall not
exceed the amount mentioned in the para 5.5.2 of the policy and
its sub-paras.
5.Sub-Grade Work
The sub-grade work, culverts & bridges, drains, pitching & protection
work and ballast supply shall be carried out at the cost and expense of
the Applicant either by his own agency or by the Railway Administration
on his request. When the works or part of them are carried out by the
Applicant, the work shall conform to the Railway Administration's
drawings and specifications and shall be executed under the supervision
of Engineering staff of the Railway Administration or under the
supervision of Approved Consultant.
6. Security of Assets
6.1
The responsibility of security of railway assets over Railway land
shall be of Railways. However, the responsibility of security of railway
assets outside Railway Land or on land licensed to GCTO shall be of
GCTO.
6.1.1 In case of theft of any railway asset on non-Railway land or
railway land licensed to GCTO, the maintenance of which is with
Railway, the restoration shall be done by Railway but the cost of such
restoration shall be borne by the GCTO.
Q
SIR. Venkaleshwaren
aÑo
special
Container Corporation of India
streetes were farrer POLICES Ltd.
, - (st. General Manager (C&O)
TO
Sr.
Divisional
Page 10 of 35
(from WIT - Rathways)
Commins
internet street - TO amt 1 figustrer Park
Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of and
shorent ques, 4 fitvell110020
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
6.1.2 In case of theft of OHE including OHE on non-Railway land or
railway land licensed to GCTO, restoration shall be done by Railway
but the cost of such restoration shall be borne by the GCTO.
7. Maintenance of Assets
7.1
Maintenance of assets on Railway land (excluding the Railway
land licensed to GCTO), including Track and Signalling Equipment
installed on Railway land under para 5.1.1 of the policy, shall be done
by Railway at its own cost.
7.2
Maintenance of OHE from the take-off point onward including
inside the Terminal shall be done by Railway at its own cost - as this
involves safety of men and equipment, and can also impact rail
operations outside the Terminal boundary.
7.3
In addition to above, the maintenance of assets (track, bridges,
signalling equipment, etc.) on non-Rallway land including the land
licensed to GCTO, outside the Terminal, may also be done by Railway
at its own cost if the GCTO transfers the ownership of these assets to
Railway (the ownership of land on which such assets are created shall
however continue to be with GCTO). Provided further, this provision shall
be applicable only to those GCTs where freight tariff is charged on
"through distance basis."
7.3.1 In case maintenance of assets, including Track and Signalling
Equipment, is being handed over to Railways on migration to this
policy by GCTO, the GCTO will ensure that the standards of track and
signalling infrastructure being transferred to Railway is in accordance
with the prescribed standards for GCTs, as decided by Railways
(Annexure "D" of the policy). If any up-gradation/ replacement/
renewal of any infrastructure is required, the GCTO shall bear the cost
for the same.
7.3.2 In case of damages to the assets due to accident, etc., the
replacement shall be done by Railway. However, if the responsibility
of an accident, after an Enquiry (joint enquiry by representatives of
Railway as well as GCTO), is fixed on the GCTO - the GCTO shall
2
SIR. Venkateshwaran
UNa 4467 (N)
E - (If. ( 1/8r. General Manager (C&O)
vircetto arene Parter fermes
30 to some
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(Rer WAT name supre)
Sr. Divisional Community Manager
Page II of 35
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Railways)
MR. Moradable
YY amt with fronter verde
CONCOR Annexe, NBIC Business Park
stort visa, et finan-110020
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
have to bear the cost of all the replacements. The decision of the
Nodal Officer, i.e. DRM, in this regard shall be final.
7.3.3 In case the damage to assets is due to an external cause
(floods, breaches, terrorist activity, etc.), the cost of restoration shall
be borne by the GCTO.
7.3.4 If the GCTO does not agree to transfer the ownership of assets
(track, bridges, signalling equipment, OHE, etc.) to Railway or freight
tariff is not chargeable "on through distance basis"; the maintenance
of these assets - except OHE - shall continue to be the responsibility
of GCTO.
7.3.4.1 Railways shall be entitled to conduct periodic inspections
of such GCTs being maintained by the GCTO, for which Inspection
Charges will be levied as per the prescribed norms.
7.3.4.2 GCTO may also get the maintenance done through
Railway for such Terminals, in which case Maintenance Charges
shall also be levied as per the prescribed norms.
7.3.5 The maintenance of GCT yard, including loading/ unloading
lines, shall be the sole responsibility of GCTO. Distribution of the
responsibility of track has been explained in Schedule "3".
7.3.6 At such GCTs, Railway shall maintain the signalling equipment
the line-clear/ receipt-despatch arrangement with serving
till station(s), at its own cost. Maintenance of signalling the equipment GCTO.
internal to the Terminal shall be the sole responsibility of
The cost of all subsequent up-gradations (on account of change
7.4 of technology, standards, etc.) shall be borne by the GCTO.
of all the infrastructure and equipment inside and the
7.5 Maintenance are not to be accessed by Railways" rolling-stock, (tipplers,
maintenance GCT which of infrastructure required for loading/ unloading
hoppers, etc.) shall be the responsibility of GCTO.
2
AM General Manager
Venkateshwaran (C&O)
aRe qual after (82)
70 20, gesters
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
11. (A - Navisine Corporationor Corporation of of and vir India reduce of Railways) Park Ltd. -
Page 12 of 35
NR Moradabad
& Business
CONCORAMISMINSIC CONCORATIONAL Delhi-110020
8. Cost of Electrification
8.1
In case of new GCT, the entire cost of electrification of the
Terminal and the connectivity portion between the take off point and
GCT, shall be borne by the GCTO.
8.2
While undertaking electrification of the main line and serving
station by Railways, the electrification of the existing GCT(s) including
the rail-line connecting the Terminal(s) shall be undertaken at the
Railway's cost.
9. Handling of Wagons in GCTs:
9.1
If any damage and deficiencies is caused to railway wagons due
to the fault of the GCTO, the damage and deficiency charges shall be
raised by Railway and paid by the GCTO as per the extant rules of
Railways.
9.2
All tipplers and bulk handling systems used for loading/unloading
of Railway wagons shall be provided and commissioned by GCTO at its
own cost in accordance with the RDSO"s approved specifications. This
provision shall however not be applicable on the systems/ equipment
installed by GCTO which are not to be used for handling Railway
wagons (such as conveyor-belts, JCBs, excavators, etc.).
9.2.1 GCTO shall ensure that tipplers, bulk handling systems, and
mechanized equipment are operated only by the qualified and
experienced staff under adequate supervision.
9.2.2 Such equipment shall be regularly maintained and replaced at
the end of their codal life by GCTO at its own cost.
9.2.3 In case of any accident/ derailment inside the Terminal or
outside the Terminal up to serving station, Railway will provide
Accident Relief Train (ART) initially free of cost. Provided further, if
the responsibility of accident/ derailment after enquiry is fixed on the
GCTO, ART Charges shall be payable by GCTO as prescribed by
Railway from time to time. The due Charges will be deducted from
the future payments by Railway to GCTO. However, in case no
Q
TRucwlatdh
THE quest mom (Ife)
Cl. SIR. Venkateshwaran
(10 20, Terms
. - (st (4) eft General Manager (C&O)
media atens form father
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
NR: Moradabad
Page 13 of 35
(Rer 491 -
(A Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Railways)
street. 49 gw ant vir Propirer 416
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
aircret africhfirer vite, ml
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
regular payments are being made by Railway to GCTO, on demand
from Railway, the GCTO shall pay ART Charges to Railway without
any delay.
9.2.4 The accident enquiry as mentioned in para 9.2.3 above shall be
conducted jointly by the representatives of Railway and GCTO to be
nominated by DRM and GCTO respectively. The accepting authority of
the Enquiry Report shall be DRM, whose decision shall be final and
binding on GCTO.
10.
C&W Maintenance Facilities
10.1
Normally C&W facilities shall not be constructed at GCTs.
10.2 However, if C&W facilities are operationally required at any GCT
as per the extant instructions, only one-time capital cost for setting-up
these facilities shall be borne by the GCTO. Operational costs, including
staff cost and material cost (for Railway-owned stock), shall however be
borne by the Railway.
10.3 For GCTs dealing with POL and other hazardous material,
specialized facilities inside the Terminal as well as in Railway yard (if
required) shall be developed by the GCTO at its own cost, and shall be
maintained by GCTO to ensure that no untoward incident/ accident takes
place at such facilities.
11.
Authorized Users
11.1
GCTO shall inform Railway about the authorized rail users of the
GCT before notification, so that they may be incorporated in the TMS
module of FOIS.
11.2 If the GCTO desires to add more rail users subsequently, GCTO
shall inform Railway at least seven (07) working days in advance, to
enable incorporation of such rail users in FOIS.
Q
alva 4083 after (We)
Throuhabach
of 02
21 SIR. Venkateshwaran
I - (If * mit General Manager (C&O)
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
чтайта with Parry falles
NR, Moradabod
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
Page 14 of 35
(HMbB) 168. MA)
(A Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Railways)
vivit - on one VII Number -
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
shorm struchfirer visa, 48
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
12.
Commodities Permitted
12.1
Unless otherwise specified by Indian Railway, a GCT shall be
permitted to book and handle all parcel (full parcel rakes only) and goods
traffic, excluding coal, and other loose commodity and POL & hazardous
commodities, which shall be as per the guidelines of "preferential traffic
schedule" issued by Ministry of Railways from time to time. However,
approvals can be taken from the competent authority for handling these
items after creation of the necessary infrastructure.
13.
Engine-on-Load (EOL) Scheme
13.1 All new GCTs shall be set up on "charging on through distance
basis," as per the instructions contained in Rates Master Circular on
"Freight on Through Distance Basis issued on 24.09.2014 (Annexure "A"
of the policy), as modified from time to time.
13.2 All new GCTs charged on a through distance basis shall be
governed by the Engine-on-Load policy (FM Circular No.05 of 2013 dated
07.03.2013), as modified from time-to-time.
13.2.1 Railways may permit commissioning of a new GCT on non-EOL
basis with the approval of DRM, if Engine-on-Load scheme is not
operationally feasible.
13.2.2 If a new GCT/existing terminal migrating to GCT policy is
approved on non- through distance basis - then the maintenance of
assets on on-Rallway land (except OHE) - shall continue to be the
responsibility of GCTO (as per provision of Para 7.3.4 of the GCT
policy).
14.
Charging of Commercial Staff
the 14.1 date of issue of this policy. However, for existing Terminals (where
No cost of commercial staff will be charged from the GCTO w.e.f
PFT/ Private Siding Agreement has already entered into between RA and
operator before the issue of this Policy) where cost of commercial staff
has already been deposited by the GCTO, there shall be no refund.
Further, dues of commercial staff cost pending, if any, as on the date of
issue of this policy shall be payable by GCTO.
after TEA Q 94444 (The,
et are Venkateshwaran (CBO)
Page 15 of 35
1. Corporation of India Ltd.
- General Manager related
30 20,
Sr. Divisional Manager (Freight)
a Navratna Annexe, - NSIC di Business Park
month of Ranways) and
N/C Moradated
CONCOR strehtime are of Delhi-110020 finesh-110020
street Okiva Indl. Estate. New
15.
Provision of Weighbridge
15.1 All GCTs planning to deal with outward cargo (loading) shall
have a provision of Electronic In-motion Weighbridge (EIMWB) at a
suitable location inside the Terminal. The EIMWB shall comply with the
OIML (International Organization of Legal Metrology) document
(available at https://www.olmi.org/en/files/pdf_r/ r106-2-e12.pdf) and
the latest RDSO specifications.
15.1.1 Provision of EIMWB shall not be essential for GCTs dealing
with inward cargo (unloading) only.
15.1.2 If a GCT without an EIMWB plans to start loading, the
GCTO shall make arrangements for provision of an EIMWB as per
the provisions of the Policy. DRM, in consultation with CFTM of the
Railway, may, however permit loading at a GCT (if operationally
feasible) - by nominating an alternative Railway weighbridge for
weighment of rakes, awaiting installation of EIMWB, for a period of
up to six months at a time from the date of start of such loading,
duly recording the reasons for the same.
15.2 GCTO shall bear the cost of procurement (inclusive of the
requisite warranty and a post-warranty comprehensive Annual
Maintenance Contract (AMC) till the end of codal life), installation, and
replacement of the EIMWB at the end of its codal life. GCTO shall also
bear the cost of weighbridge house, weighbridge siding, and related
infrastructure.
15.3 GCTO shall get the weighbridge certified by the Weights &
Measures department of the state government, and shall comply with all
the applicable statutory and legal requirements.
15.3.1 The weighbridge, after testing and certification by the Weights
and Measures department of the state government, shall be sealed by
their personnel in presence of GCTO"s and Railway's representatives.
This seal shall be broken, If required, only in the presence of the
personnel of Weights and Measures department and Railway's
representative.
R
Throubatuh
are Venkateshwaran
1 respons ( General Manager (CAO)
were Prover forther
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(ter WHT -
Page 16 of 35
a Navratina Lindertaking of Ministry of Railways)
19 amt vit Name use
NR.
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
vete, ml
Okhla Indl. Estate. New Delhi-110020
15.4 GCTO shall bear the cost of installation & operation of the
EIMWB, and the cost for its linking with FOIS.
15.5 RR will be issued on the basis of weighment within a GCT as per
the extant instructions provided vide Rates Master
Circular/Weighment/2019/0 dated 25.07.2019 and other applicable
instructions of Railways (Annexure "B" of the policy), as modified from
time to time.
15.6 No extra free-time will be provided for weighment at an EIMWB
inside a GCT.
15.7 Railway Administration reserves the right to conduct periodic
and/or surprise inspections of the operation, functioning and calibration
of EIMWB.
15.8 For the purpose of mandatory testing of EIMWB, test-wagons
shall be provided by Railway on payment of Haulage Charges. These
Haulage Charges shall be levied for the actual distance travelled or 100
km, whichever is less.
15.8.1 In cases where there is more than one weighbridge located
within a GCT, the Haulage Charges as per para 15.8 above shall be
levied for the "first weighbridge", and shall be levied @25% of the
charges for the "first weighbridge" for other weighbridges inside the
Terminal.
15.8.2 For random surprise testing by Railway, test-wagons will be
provided for without levying Haulage Charges or any other charges.
15.8.3 Railways shall try to ensure availability of "test wagon-sets" in
the vicinity of all GCTs, so that there is no delay in arranging these
wagons for testing.
15.9 If any overloading is detected in the outward traffic the same will
have to be unloaded/ re-adjusted at the Terminal itself - for which no
extra free-time will be provided.
año R STATE (Ibc,
subated
a. are Venkateshwaran
If reques (vi de V& General Manager (C&O)
were father
30 so, grant
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(ter нятега WITH - every)
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
Page 17 of 35
a Navraina Undertaking of Ministry of Railways)
NR. Moredohad
divolte visit 44 and * und
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
sturer sheftPre vote, of
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
15.10 the Whenever the EIMWB goes out of order, it shall be put right by
GCTO within three days, failing which a penalty of Rs.4,000/- per day
thereof thereafter, shall be imposed.
or part thereof for the next ten days, and Rs.8,000/- per day or part
15.11 Under exceptional circumstances, if it becomes essential to
install the EIMWB of a GCT either partially or wholly on Railway land not
licensed to GCTO (on account of operational and technical constraints),
permission for the same may be given by the DRM. Location of such an
EIMWB shall be decided by Sr. DOM, in consultation with Sr. DCM, Sr.
DEN & Sr. DME.
15.11.1
All terms and conditions applicable on EIMWB inside a
land. GCT shall also be applicable on an EIMWB installed by GCTO on such
15.11.2
Cost of the installation and comprehensive AMC of such
EIMWB shall be borne by the GCTO.
15.11.3
Railways will be free to weigh rakes other than those of
the concerned GCT at such EIMWB.
15.12 Railway may permit weight-o-meter/ pre-weigh bin system of
weighment in GCT on case-to-case basis, on the joint recommendation of
PCOM, PCME, PCE & PCCM and with the personal approval of the General
Manager, keeping in view the requirement and to avoid any manipulation
of weighment data.
15.12.1
Such equipment shall be certified by the Weights &
Measures department, and should also meet all extant statutory
provisions and policy guidelines.
15.12.2
The system should have proper locking/ sealing
arrangement to avoid any tampering with the system including
software. The "admin" control should rest with the Railways.
15.12.3
One-to-one correspondence between Weight-o-meter
discharge and corresponding wagon shall be maintained by GCTO.
15.12.4
A procedure order for normal operations covering
Q
Terenhated
at SITR. document T.R. Venkateshwaran
* - (or * ysc General Manager (C&O)
suveita were Perryer forfires
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
altra queat after
(ter WGT - -
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Railways)
Page 18 of 35
effects Then 5" UVI amt feurter and
NO to
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
Sr. Division: (Froight)
afterver vice, -nd freeh-110020
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
precautions to be taken to ensure that wagons are empty before
loading and periodical test weighing of this system shall be
maintained by GCTO.
15.12.5
The system should have an interface with FOIS to avoid
any error in data capture during transmission.
15.13 GCTO may also be permitted to install an alternative means of
weighment of wagons, which should have accuracy level at least equal to
that of EIMWB and should ensure weighment within the time taken by
EIMWB.
15.13.1
GCTO shall submit requests for such alternative means
of weighment, along with all the necessary documents, which may be
permitted by Railway on case-to-case basis, on the joint
recommendation of PCOM, PCME, PCE & PCCM and with the personal
approval of the General Manager.
15.13.2
GCTO shall be responsible for getting the proposed
means of weighment of wagons certified by the Legal Metrology/
Weights & Measures department, and also for ensuring its proper
upkeep and maintenance at its own cost.
16.
Installation of FOIS and TMS
16.1 FOIS and TMS with limited access as prescribed by Indian
Railways shall be installed at the GCT - at the cost of GCTO. All RRs will
be prepared through TMS. Complete maintenance of FOIS and TMS will
be done by Railway at its own cost.
16.1.1 Cost of replacement of FOIS and TMS equipment, at the end
of their codal life, shall be borne by the GCTO.
16.1.2 GCTO, at its own cost, shall provide all facilities (including
room with necessary infrastructure for office activities, furniture,
electricity, hardware, network connectivity, telephone, etc.) for
installing FOIS terminal in the GCT, for issuing of RR and/or taking
delivery of consignment.
nime THAT Q TIMES (the)
Transhated
a SR T.R. Venkateshwaran
. - (M R yes General Manager (C&O)
Container Corporation of Indle Ltd.
(ter visitora WAY - -
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Rallways)
St. Divisional Commercial Manager
sheet chedit 1 emé + -
NO
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
Page 19 of 35
strent strehfirer quêre, of
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
17.
General Conditions
17.1 Applicant/ GCTO will be solely responsible for - (a) arranging/
acquiring/ownership/ lease/licensing of non-Railway land for the
development of GCT; (b) all statutory and non-statutory clearances from
other government departments and statutory bodies; and (c) payment of
all charges, taxes/GST, surcharges, cess, levies, etc., related to
transportation and handling of cargo.
17.2 Unless otherwise mentioned in this policy, all "Commercial and
Operating rules" as applicable for a goods-shed for booking, supply and
delivery of goods shall be applicable at GCTs. All GCTs are required to
function round the clock on all days, including Sundays and other
holidays.
17.3 The GCTO shall be responsible for clearance of all Railway dues,
including demurrage charges & land license fee, accrued within the GCT.
For the sake of clarity, it is explicitly mentioned that demurrage charges
will be borne by the GCTO for demurrage occurring on its own private
land or occurring on railway land licensed to the GCTO.
17.3.1 Each case of stabling of a rake on IR network exclusively for
want of acceptance by a GCT will be recorded as on instance of non-
acceptance by a GCT or for reasons attributed to GCTO, Stabling
charges will be levied.
17.3.2 The quantum of stabling charges will be as per Para 6.0
(Chapter I) of Rates Master Circular/Demurrage-Wharfage
Waiver/2016 (as modified from time to time).
17.3.3 Further, in situations of congestion involving stabling of rakes
for acceptance by a GCT, Railway Administration will be authorized to
impose loading restriction or quota for an appropriate duration for
such a GCT.
17.4 The cost of electricity/ diesel consumed by Railway locomotives
shall be borne by Railway.
R
TReanhatech
a SIR. T.R. Venkateshwaran
. - (If e oft Br. General Manager (C80)
went Prover
(20) 10/0/12 Milt Darth
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(ter REST - -
30 to, gasine
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Railways)
- THE amt vit -
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
afreren shellings vite, -
NR, Moradabad
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Dalhi-110020
Page 20 of 35
17.5 The GCTO shall provide at his own cost the level-crossings and
ROB/ RUB/ LHSs for safe passage of trains as well as road vehicles, as
per requirement and prescribed norms.
17.5.1 All level-crossings have to be provided with requisite
infrastructure (gate-post, gate-lodge, etc.) and have to be manned by
GCTO at its own cost.
17.5.1.1 If the level-crossing becomes due for interlocking, the
cost of interlocking shall be borne by the GCTO.
17.5.2 Maintenance of level-crossings falling on the track being
maintained by Railway shall be done by Railway at its own cost;
while maintenance of level-crossings falling on the track being
maintained by the GCTO shall be done by GCTO (as illustrated in
Section III of Schedule "3" of the policy).
GCT(s) 17.6 from the portion of track on Railway land as well as from the
Railway shall reserve the right to grant connectivity to another
portion of track which is being maintained (and assets are owned) by
Railway. For the sake of clarity, Railway may permit connectivity to
another Terminal from the connectivity portion of a Terminal - (i) on
Railway land where the assets are owned and maintained by Railway;
and (ii) on non- Railway land where the ownership of assets has been
transferred to Railway by the GCTO, and the assets are maintained by
Railway though the land is owned by the GCTO. This provision shall be
applicable on Railway land for all GCTs; and on non-Railway land for this all
new GCTs, as well as on existing Terminals who decide to migrate to
Policy and transfer the ownership of assets on their land to Railway.
For GCTs established entirely or partially on Railway land,
Railway 17.7 will levy Terminal Charges and Terminal Access Charges similar
to those being levied on Railway goods-sheds. These Terminal Charges
and Terminal Access Charges will be shared with the GCTO according to
the quoted bid percentage which is 99.90%. Therefore, 0.10% retained of
the Terminal charge and Terminal Access charge shall be
by the Railways and 99.90% of the same shall be shared with the
GCTO (as mentioned in para 9 above of the GCT Policy.
R
prowheted
are the T.R. Venkateshwaran
- (st. General Manager (C&O)
THE 4860 (VC)
PIT nick) > 12/13/14
Container Corporation of India
30 20,
(ter statement EST - under Railways)
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freicht)
(A que 1 ver and et Park
Navratha Undertaking of Ministry of TETAL
NR, Maradabad
Page 21 of 35
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business
strent were ml firven-110020
Okhla Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
Agreement, 17.8 At the time of cancellation / termination / of
the Railway land, along with the entire expiry the
developed where-is on it by the bidder, shall revert back to Railway infrastructure on as-is-
basis, without payment of any compensation.
17.9 The Railway land used for providing connectivity to the Terminal
shall remain in possession of Railway, along with the entire infrastructure
created on it (as per provisions of para 5.1.2 & 5.1.3 of the Policy).
17.10 Railway land where GCT is developed partially or wholly on
railway land (except for Railway land provided for the connectivity to
GCT as mentioned in para 13 of Schedule 1 & 2) will be licensed to GCTO
- for which modalities of calculating and levying land license fee shall be
as per extant rules/Board's circular on land licensing (2021/LML/25/5
dated 04.10.2022), as amended from time to time.
17.11 Responsibility for maintaining the track and signalling equipment
shall be as per the provisions of para 7 of this Policy. Responsibility of
maintaining loading/ unloading wharf(s), roads, drainage, etc., shall rest
with the GCTO.
17.12 GCTO shall also bei responsible to ensure that the entire
infrastructure of Terminal is properly maintained and is duly upgraded/
replaced at the end of codal life, as per Good Industry Practices.
17.13 Subject to the provisions of para 17.10 above, GCTO will be free
to create infrastructure and/or to provide value-added services/ facilities
(such as warehousing, processing, packaging, etc.. provided that
such infrastructure/ value-added services/facilities, if created, shall be
available to all users of the GCT without discrimination of any sort. GCTO
will also have the authority for deciding the user charges/ fees for value-
added services/ facilities as per market conditions - without any
interference from the Railway. However, the use of value-added
services/ facilities will be optional and no customer will be forced to use
those services or to pay for them. Such value-added services/ facilities
shall conform to Good Industry Practices.
R
AR document T.R. Venkateshwaran
, - (4) Ry General Manager (C&O)
(25) check helpit BRAH
Review Michal teljahils
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
to 20,
Lile DRIVE 1021
A Navestra Undertaking of Ministry of Rellways)
Sr. Divisional Commetcial Manager (Freight)
windle chart. " N und * und
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
NR.
Page 22 of 35
shorent quêre, of feech-110020
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
17.13.1 GCTO shall not sub-lease/ sub-license/ mortgage
Railway land, and shall not create any third-party encumbrance on
Railway land.
17.13.2
For any value-added service/ facility developed on
Railway land, GCTO shall ensure that either the complete inward
traffic or the complete outward traffic, for each commodity handled,
is transported through the Indian Railway system. Railway reserves
the right to undertake any inspection of the Terminal to safeguard its
interests and to direct the GCTO to discontinue such activities if such
activities are detrimental to Railway's cargo business, failing which
the Agreement may be terminated. For avoidance of doubt, such
termination will be treated as default by the GCTO.
17.13.3 The responsibility of obtaining all statutory and
environmental clearances for such value-added services, if required,
shall rest solely with the GCTO. Any violation of statutory compliance
will invite merit for termination clause of the Agreement on GCTO"s
default. Any liability/ default created by such violation will be the sole
responsibility of the GCTO, and Railway will not be responsible for
this.
17.14 GCTO shall use Railway land for activities related to Railway
cargo business only. If the GCTO indulges in any commercial activity not
related to Railway cargo business on Railway land or fails to adhere to
the provisions above, the Agreement for GCT may be terminated without
any compensation/ termination payment to the GCTO. For avoidance of
doubt, such termination will be treated as default by the GCTO. In case
of any dispute whether any activity is related to Railway cargo business
or not, the decision of the nodal officer (i.e. DRM) shall be final and
binding on the GCTO.
17.15 The GCT located completely or partially on Railway land will
remain a common- user facility, and GCTO shall ensure non-
discriminatory access for all rail-customers/ potential customers to such
Terminals. The GCTO will not prevent any rail-customer/ potential
customer from accessing the Terminal (provided the facilities for
handling their cargo exist at the terminal). Road access to the GCT will
not be blocked by the GCTO.
aRe R (the)
productated
ar. T.R. Venkateshwaran
10. (m. a Genaral Manager (CAO)
Initial NATION might
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
CO 20. general
(tree signatures WHT navent -
A Nauraths Lindertaking of Ministry of Railways)
Sr. Divisional Communital Manager Fright
- 4 inh -
NR
Page 23 of 35
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
afrerer shelfire ques, 1 freen-110020
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
the draw parties reach agreement on a settlement of the dispute, shall
settlement representative (Sr.DCM), GCTO and conciliator(s). signed When the by
Railway's up and sign a written Settlement Agreement duly they
parties. The conciliators shall be paid a fee as fixed by the Ministry on of
agreement is signed, it shall be final and binding the
Railways For from time to time, which shall be shared equally by the parties.
other issues related with Conciliation, terms and conditions defined
followed. under Indian Railways General Conditions of Contract 2020 may be
18.2.1 The parties shall not initiate, during the conciliation
proceedings, any reference to arbitral or judicial proceedings in
respect of a dispute that is the subject matter of the conciliation
proceedings.
18.2.2 The conciliation shall be carried out as per "The Arbitration
and Conciliation Act, 1996 (26 of 1996) or any statutory modifications
or re-enactment thereof" and the proceedings shall be terminated as
per Section 76 of the above Act.
18.3 Arbitration: If the dispute is not settled through Conciliation (as
mentioned in para 18.2), it shall be decided by reference to arbitration.
Arbitration shall be carried out as per provisions available for arbitration
in Indian Railways General Conditions of Contract 2020 for works
contracts, as amended from time to time.
18.4 Governing Law & Jurisdiction: This Agreement is governed by
and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of India. In case of
any dispute and difference arises, the Court of the place, where Land
License Agreement has been made, shall only have the jurisdiction to try
such litigation.
19.
Termination of the Agreement
19.1 Subject to the provisions in the Agreement, the Railway
Administration may terminate the Agreement with a GCTO operating a
GCT in the event of any serious irregularity committed by the GCTO. This
may include any grave breach of the terms and conditions of the
Agreement, any default by GCTO, violation of The Railway Act, 1989, or
Q
Troeubald
a SR Venkateshwaran
E - (w. General Manager (C&O)
(23) TIME
- were farmer latters
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
GO to,
(Yes 491 naves
Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Rethways)
Sr. Divisional Communical Manager (r)
Page 25 of 35
where 1 and with from unle
NR. Moradabad
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
attent quére, very
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
commission of an unlawful act which is not in-line with Good Industry
Practices.
19.2 Before terminating the Agreement, RA shall first issue a Show
Cause Notice, informing GCTO to submit representation within 30 days.
If no response is received, or if the response of GCTO is not satisfactory,
a written Notice of Termination specifying a grace period of 180 days
shall be given to the GCTO, by Sr. DCM with the approval of DRM.
However, if no reply to the Notice for Termination is received within 180
days of the issue of Notice for Termination, the Agreement with GCTO
will stand terminated and the same shall be communicated by Sr. DCM
to GCTO. No termination payment shall be made by RA to the GCTO.
19.2.1 If the GCTO submits a reply within 180 days, RA will take
further course of action on the merit of the case.
19.3 The GCTO will also have the right to terminate the Agreement by
giving a notice of 180 days to the Railway Administration in the event of
any difficulty faced by the GCTO in smooth functioning of the Terminal
for reasons attributable to Railway as laid down in this policy, or for any
other reason internal to the GCTO. No termination payment shall be
asked by the Railway from GCTO.
19.4 Any dispute arising out of this Agreement will be resolved
through the Dispute Resolution Mechanism as prescribed under Para 18
above.
20.
Power To Terminate Agreement, If Traffic Insufficient:
20.1 Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement, the
Railway Administration shall be entitled, in the event of the Railway
Administration being of the opinion that the Applicant's traffic over the
terminal is insufficient to justify the retention of terminal by the
Applicant of which the 'Divisional Railway Manager' of the Railway
Administration will be the sole judge to terminate this Agreement by
giving to the Applicant not less than 6(six) months' notice in writing of
the Railway Administration's intention to terminate this Agreement and
on the expiry of such notice, this Agreement shall stand terminated.
Q
(25) this 22/12
am Venkateshwaran
I - (ut. General Manager (C&O)
30 20,
errectra etem Parra fortes
"ir
Divisional
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(ter *tonera - -
Page 26 of 35
(A Navraina Undertaking of Ministry of Rellways)
worth 1 emt - Number und
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
afroren vote, of
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
20.2 Clause shall The termination be without of this agreement under the
Railway Administration prejudice to rights provisions of this
or things arising before will such be termination. entitled any to, in respect of remedies of any to acts, which matter the
21.
Public Railway Traffic: Colored Red In The Annexed The Plan Terminal Or Work Within It For
Power Land To Close The Portion Of
21.1 interest In to the close event of the Railway Administration deciding
the terminal or the terminal or any part or extension thereof in or the to public work
and evidence the railway the service of system the any of same) the part (the notice the or decision extension Railway as of hereinafter the Administration thereof Railway stated for being public shall final traffic terminate be in conclusive as this part case of
Agreement by giving to the Applicant 6(six) month's may previous notice this in
Agreement shall terminate.
writing of such decision and on the expiration of such notice this
22.
Power To Stop Traffic And To Terminate Agreement In
Certain Events:
The Railway Administration shall have the absolute right to refuse at
any time to allow their rolling stock to go on or be used upon the
Terminal or any part or extension thereof and shall also be entitled
to determine this Agreement at any time after the happening of any of
the following events:
22.1 In the event of the Applicant failing to deposit within the time
fixed for the purpose any sum of sums required to be deposited under
the provision of these presents or according to any direction of the
Railway Administration.
22.2 In the event of the Applicant failing to pay any other sums
payable to the Railway Administration under this Agreement or any other
changes payable to the Railway administration in respect of the terminal
or the use thereof within one month after the due date of payment or in
the event of a due date not being specified then within one month after
service of a written-demand for payment.
(201) helopite 1 1220ls Dayn
Teoenhaial
am december Venkateshwaran
. (M. General Manager (C&O)
- wère
do RD,
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(RM WITH - enrone)
Sr. Divisional Community Manager (Ford
Navratra Undertaking of Ministry of Rethways)
effects 5" quant en Peanter -
NR Mondation
Page 27 of 35
CONCOR Annaxe, NSIC Business Park
afroint ver, 1
Okhia indi, Estate, New Delhi-110020
22.3 In the events of the Applicant failing to comply with any
requisition of the Railway Administration to remove or repair any defect
which in the opinion of the Railway administration may endanger the
working and safety of the terminal within such time as shall be fixed by
the Railways Administration for the purpose.
22.4 In the events of the Applicant ceasing for a consecutive period of
3 (three) months to use the terminal or any part for extension thereof
for the Applicant's own traffic in connection with the Applicant's Works.
22.5
In the event of the Applicant contravening the provision of Clause
15 hereof.
22.6 In the event of the Applicant failing to observe or perform any
other obligation on his part herein contained.
22.7 In the event of the terminal becoming dangerous or defective by
reason of any act of God or other act or circumstances for which the
Railway Administration is not responsible.
22.8 In the event of any branch line, terminal or part or extension
thereof, connecting the terminal or any part or extension thereof with
the Railway system, becoming dangerous or defective for any reason
whatsoever and whether such branch line, terminal part or extension
shall belong to the Applicant or to any third person.
22.9 In the event of any branch line, terminal or any part or
extension thereof connecting the terminal or any part or extension
thereof with the Railway system, being closed by the Railway
Administration under any powers which the Railway Administration closed may
whether by status or by Agreement with third persons or
possess by order of the Government of India or any State Government.
Administration The Applicant in respect of any refusal by the Railway
shall have no claim whatsoever against Administration the Railway to
allow their Terminal or branch line in any of the aforesaid events. in sub-
rolling stock to go on or be used upon the terminal Provided or any
connected that on the happening of any of the events mentioned shall
always Clauses 22.1, 22.2, 22.4, 22.5, 22.6, the Railway Administration
R (dive)
TRoulated
a SITE Venkateshwaran
of ( General Manager (C&O)
were Porrer forther
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(tor WHT -
Sr.
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Railways)
Page 28 of 35
invoice 4" + mis
CONCOR Annaxe, NSIC Business Park
street ever,
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
not (Fourteen) exercise days' the power conferred upon it
Applicant to comply previous notice has been by this Clause unless 14
the Railway with the demand or requisition given in as writing the requiring the of
the Same within Administration the and the Applicant has failed case may be,
clause. given in the cases specified in the other No sub-clauses notice shall of this be
required to be time specified in such notice. to comply with
23.
Termination of Agreement on Death, Insolvency etc.:
This agreement may be determined by the Railway Administration
following events:
without prior notice at any time after the happening of any of the
23.1 person. In the event of the death of the Applicant, if he is an individual
23.2 In the event of a partition of the Joint family properties, if the
Applicant is a Joint family governed by the Mitakshara School if
Hindu Law.
23.3 In the event of dissolution of partners either by act of parties or
by order of Court, if the Applicant is a firm or other association or
body of individuals.
23.4 In the event of dissolution of partners either by act of parties or
by order of Court, if the Applicant is a firm or other association or
body of individuals.
23.5 In the event of Applicant becoming insolvent or going into
liquidation either voluntarily or under an order of a competent
Court.
23.6 In the event of the Applicant's interest in the works becoming
wholly or partially vested in some other person.
23.7 In the event of the Applicant contravening the provision of Clause
21 hereof.
2
a SIR. T.R. Venkateshwaran
(n) think 10/0/10 Dide
1. - (w. 4W a MSc. General Manager (C&O)
чтейта atème Provider families
30 20.
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Fir.
(tor - VEST чачет -
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Rellways)
NR Morathibad
windle 1 VVI and et fronter units
Page 29 of 35
CONCOR Annexa, NSIC Business Park
atrent quée, of Rech-110020
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
24.
Consequence & 23: of Termination Under Clauses 19, 20, 21, 22
24.1 20, On 21, termination 22 of this agreement under
entitled 19, & 23 thereof, the Railway provisions of Clauses
Applicant therewith within the to and and disconnect Railway take dispose up land from and of (colored remove the their materials Railway, red the on same the the thereof said and portion Administration the plan) appliance of at the the said cost connected shall terminal of the be
rendering first to the Applicant surplus (if any) to arise as from they may such think disposal fit
after defraying and reimbursing there at all costs and
and incidental to such taking up, removal and disposal and expenses all sums on
freight or carriage.
owing to them by the applicant under the terms of this Agreement or for
24.2 Provided always that the Railway Administration shall at all times
have lien on the portion of the said terminal within the Railway land
(colored red in the said plan) and appliances connected therewith and
materials thereof for all sums owing to them from the Applicant under
the terms of this agreement or for freight or carriage. The Applicant shall
have no claim whatsoever against the Railway Administration in respect
of termination of this agreement whether under any of the provisions of
those presents or in any manner not provided for by those presents.
25.
Agreement To Bind Applicant Until Terminated By The
Railway Administration
25.1 Until terminated by the Railway Administration or unless and
until the person or persons in whom the entire rights and interests of the
Applicant have vested and with wham the Railway Administration has
agreed to enter into a Cargo Terminal Agreement has executed and
registered such Agreement in the same form as these presents or in
such other form as the Railway Administration may require as provided
in Clause 21 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the Applicant
and the successors in title or interest of the Applicant in the Applicant's
work
(291) The 100% 8
E. SITE Venkateshwaran
of, - (WT. to General Manager (C&O)
14214
30 to, goods
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Free"
(ter - THT mover
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Rellways)
NR, Moradated
street, 4" - and 48 untr
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
Page 30 of 35
afrorm afreitmer were T
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
(i) Provided that the Applicant may by giving 6 (six) months' notice to
the Railway Administration, discontinue the use of the terminal. In such
event, the Applicant shall not be liable for the payment of maintenance
and other charges under the Agreement for the period subsequent to the
date of expiry of the said notice, but nevertheless all other obligations
under the Agreement shall be binding on him.
(ii) Provided further that the Railway Administration has the right without
assigning any reason to terminate this Agreement on 6 (six) months'
notice.
26.
Applicant To handover/revert back Railway land along
with entire Infrastructure developed on it Within A Month Of
Termination
On termination of this Agreement, Railway land, along with the entire
infrastructure developed on it by the bidder, shall revert back to Railway
on as-is-where-is basis within a month of termination, without payment
of any compensation.
27.
Right To Charge Interest On Money Due Hereunder To The
Railway Administration:
Notwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing Clauses of this
Agreement, the Railway Administration shall have the right to charge
and recover from the Applicant interest at such rates, as may be fixed by
the Railway Administration from time to time on any or all sums payable
by the Applicant under the terms thereof, if such sums are not paid
within one month from the due date and if no such date is fixed, within
one month from the date on which a written demand is made by the
railway Administration.
(249) X Each PAID
to to, Time
Treascharted
a are Venkateshwaran
St. Divisional Manager (Freight)
, reside (at. * Vk. General Manager (C&O)
NR, Musticad
special AleRia
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(tor - Taxen -
(A Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Rathways)
efformate your 11 word en from and
CONCOR Annexe, ISIC Business Park
afrerm vite. of Feven-110020
Page 31 of 35
Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delhi-110020
28.
Administration Right Of Deduction Of Money Due To The Railway
The Railway Administration shall have the right to deduct from any
amount which may become payable by the Railway Administration to the
Applicant or to the legal representative of the Applicant any money due
from the Applicant to the Railway Administration under these presents or
for freight, haulage or other charges or otherwise in connection with the
construction, maintenance or working of the terminal.
29.
Service Of Notices On Applicant:
The Applicant shall maintain a proper office to which all letters, notices,
demands and other communications intended for the Applicant may be
sent and every notice, demand or other communication which shall be
delivered at or sent by Registered Post to such office shall for all
purposes whatsoever be deemed to have been validly and effectively
delivered to the Applicant.
30.
Exercise Of Powers:
Subject as otherwise provided in this agreement, all notices to be given
on behalf of the President of India and all other actions to be taken on
his behalf may be given or taken on his behalf by the Railway
Administration; the agreement signing authority or his authorized
representative.
31.
Alteration / Variation Of The Agreement:
Except as hereby provided any verbal or written arrangement or
abandoning, varying or supplementing this Agreement or any of the
terms hereof shall be deemed conditional and shall not be binding on the
railway administration unless and until the same is endorsed on this
agreement or incorporated in a formal instrument and signed by the
parties hereto and till then the Railway administration shall have the
right to repudiate such arrangement.
Dr
aRe 44501 a THE (De)
a SIR. Venkateshwaran
to 20,
(VI. are St. General Manager (C&O)
undia atent Former
Sr. Divisional Communical Manager (FR)
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(tor - WIT - -
NR. Moradabad
a Nevratna Undertaking of Ministry of Rellways)
with check, 4" VW amt with Marker -
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
Page 32 of 35
street ml -11020
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
32.
Applicant Not To Transfer Rights:
32.1
The Applicant shall not be entitled to assign or transfer or
subject or permit to be used or enjoyed by any other person in any
manner whatsoever any of the rights or benefits conferred upon the
Applicant by these presents and any purported assignment transfer or
subletting or permission shall be void and of no effect. Provided also that
in the event of any other person being permitted by the Railway
Administration to use the terminal on the Applicant's request or
otherwise, the Applicant shall remain responsible to the Railway
Administration for all the charges and obligations under this Agreement.
32.2 Provided, however, that if the Applicant shall desire to transfer
the Applicant's Works to any person or if the applicant being a Company
shall go into liquidation and such intended transferee or the liquidator of
the Company shall desire the use and benefit of the terminal than
subject to the under mentioned conditions being complied with the
Railway Administration may at its discretion on the written request of the
Applicant and of the intended transferee or liquidator made prior to the
transfer or within one month after the commencement of the liquidation
as the case may be and after production by the transferee of the
registered Deed of Transfer of the Applicant's Works pr after proof by the
liquidator of this intention to carry on the Company's business for the
purpose of the liquidation proceedings, allow the transferee or liquidator
the use and benefit of the terminal. The conditions above mentioned are
the following:
That the liquidator shall be approved by the Railway
Administration, (i) but such approval will not unreasonably be withheld.
That the liquidator shall duly sign and register a Cargo
(ii) Terminal Agreement in the same form as these presents so far as
then applicable or in such other form as the Railway Administration
may then require.
duly (iii) execute an agreement of assignment as may be prescribed by
That the applicant, Railway Administration and transferee shall
the Railway Administration.
(24) - 1b 8
TRoughtech
& Venkateshwaran
GO 20, TRINK
If - (u. General Manager (C&O)
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Fregit)
mene PATTER fames
Container Corporation of india Ltd.
AP Persible
(ter - WGT -
a Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Retways)
intereste 1 amt with und
Page 33 of 35
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
eineren strehmer vice, of RWN-110020
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
33.
Cost of Execution Of Agreement:
All expenses in drawing up the Agreement and the cost of stamping and
registration shall be borne by the TO/Applicant. "Money receipt obtained
from the Registration Office should be handed over to the Railways for
collection of registered agreement which shall remain in the custody of
Railways. Any charges, if levied for collection of registered agreement,
shall also be borne by the Applicant.
34.
Agreement period
The period of Agreement shall be signed for thirty-five (35) years,
provided any of the provisions of the Agreement and / or Policy has not
been violated by the GCTO.
35.
Agreement In Force From:
The agreement shall be deemed to have come into force on and from the
date of issuance of the Letter of Acceptance i.e 15.03.2024, issued vide
Letter no. Letter No. MORADABAD DIVISION COMMERCIAL /48-Goods-
GCT-PRI-MB 23 C dated 15.03.2024
36.
Head Notes:
The head notes herein are for the convenience of reference only and
shall not affect the construction of these presents.
In WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to these presents have set and
subscribed their respective hands and seals hereunto on the day and
year first above written.
(29) 1 Page
TRoowhated
& am total T.R. Venkateshweran
1 (* <<< att. St. General Manager (C&O)
Heleby before
DISING, of ON
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
Sr. Divisional Commercial Manager (Freight)
(tor WGT -
(A Navratna Undertaking of Ministry of Retways)
NR Maradable
when street VPI and - under
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
shuw vice, of
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020
Page 34 of 35
For and on behalf of Senior Divisional Commercial Manager/Freight
Services/Moradabad (First Party) & M/s. Container Corporation
of India Limited, CONCOR ANNEXE, NISC MDBP, BUILDING,
OKHLA INDUSTRIAL AREA-III, Delhi-110020, India (Second
Party)
SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED BY
romulled
RICHA SHARMA
Name :
Name: VEWLATESRUARN
Designation: SR DCM/FREIGHT
Designation:
SERVICES
Address: DRM OFFICE, MORADABAD Address: CONCER, Area.1 NDELA
am to Venkateshwaran (CAO)
DIV, NORTHERN RAILWAYS
= - (no. oft)/k MISSI
- menx Corporation Br
(tor Navratna Undertaking of Ministry -
Container statement WIT - of
a withouth - - and North Part
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business
attenent Okhia Indi. Estate, New Delh-110020
quite, of
In the presence of Witness
1. Memant Kumar hr
2.
SAMRESH KUMAR, DM/Projects/CONCOR
Cargo Terminal Agreement-
Reg. No.:
dated
For GATI SHAKTI MULTI MODAL CARGO TERMINAL At Kilometer: 13.80
Between Stations AITHAL and IKKAR,
altra R WITH (400)
a are Venkateshwaran
1 - (8. N General Vanager (C&C)
went Prom forther
Container Corporation of India Ltd.
(tor where - - work)
I E a
a Navraine Undertaking of Ministry of Retways)
wheth 1 VI VH and faurier -
Sr. Divisional Cana -
Page 35 of 35
CONCOR Annexe, NSIC Business Park
about should vite, of
Okhia Indl. Estate, New Delhi-110020