106
411
VII Rud
100
E
P. 100
RUPEES
00100
100100100100
HIRA
INDIA
100100
100100100100
00100100100
INDIANON
3016 state UTTAR PRADESH
DR
CK 064473
0
AUG 2016
Northern Railway
Private Siding Agreement
MEMC RANDUM OF AGREEMENT made thisfly dept. 27/9/2016
BETWEEN THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA, acting through the Northern Railway Administration
(tereinafter called "The Railway Administration")" of the one part and Reliance Cement
Company Ivt. Ltd. (hereinafter called the applicant)' of the other par..
WHEREAS The Applicant is desirous of having a private siding laid by the Railway
Administration at Kundanganj from the Kundanganj station yard of the Nothern Railway taking
off from Kilometer No. 1016.27 between Harchandpur station and Kundanganj station of the
1 forthern Railway as shown in red and green on the plan bearing CE's No. NRHQ -LKO/18/05-
2013/R3 hereto annexed for the purpose of carrying on the Applicant's business in the
Applicant's premises situated at Kundanganj, District Raebareli.
e
For Reliance Cement Company TBS Rvt. Ltd.
@
Auf orised Signatory
Sr. Divl Commi Manage
N. Rlv: Lucknow
AS proposed vetter proforms only
Ques/9.16
hercin."
5304
13.9 pr
AND
Applica
NOW,
ans YT. (no astay
of
AND WHEREAS the Railway Administration is willing to lay the said siding for the said
Applicant upon and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
NOW, Therefore, this Agreement witnessed as follows:
1.
Interpretation: In these presents, unless the context otherwise requires, the following
Words and Expressions have the meaning and shall be interpreted as specified, namely-
(A) Words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa.
(B) "Person" includes a firm or other association or body of individuals and a Company or
other Corporate Body.
(C)
"The Railway Administration" means the President of India, acting through the General
Manager for the time being of (name of Zonal Railway) Railway and any officer of the
(name of Zonal Railway) Railway authorized by any such General Manager to deal with
any matters, with which these presents are concerned.
(D)
"The Applicant" means the person named as party hereto of the other part and includes in
the case of a firm or other association or body of individuals, the individual person or
persons for the time being and from time to time constituting the association or body and,
In the case of a company, corporation or body corporate the Successor in business of
interest. such company, corporation or body corporate for the time being.
(E)
"Works" means the premises belonging to or occupied or used by the Applicant which
are connected with the (name of the Zonal Railway) Railway system by the siding herein
before mentioned.
(F)
"Undertaking" includes all land, railway lines, works, buildings, engines, rolling stock
and other movable or immovable property now or at any time hereafter forming part of or
pertaining to the (name of the Zonal Railway) Railway system us now or hereafter
constituted and all engines and rolling stock(whether belonging to the Northern Railway
system or not) passing over such system.
(G)
Nonhern Railway system" includes Private and Assisted sidings constructed by the
Railway Administration for the use of other persons.
(H) "Siding" Includes the Railway track connecting the Applicant's works with the Railway
system, es hereinafter agreed to be constructed by the Railway Administration and all
branches and extensions thereof which may hereafter be constructed by the Applicant or
by the Railway Administration at the Applicant's request and all sleepers, ballast,
embankments, bridges, tunnels, signals interlocking and tele-communication equipment
gates, buildings and other constructions, erections, works and movable property
constructed / erected / made/ provided or used in connection with the said track and also
all land whereon of on part whereof the said track and connected things aforesaid are
constructed / erected / made / provided or used including land acquired for the purpose
thercof as bereicafter provided and land belonging to the Railway Administration and
land belonging to or occupied or used by the Applicant.
The siding shall cover only that portion of track network on which Railway rolling stock
will ply. The network utilised by the Company/Party for their internal use shall not form
part of the siding defined herein."
For Rellance Coment Company Pvt. Ltd
HS
Sr. Did Commi. Manager
Page 2 of 27
N
Rivi
Aum onsed Signatory
(1)
"Sub-grade Work" includes the construction of embankments, the making of cuttings and
the carrying out of other carth work, the construction of bridges (exclusive of ginder
works), buildings, platforms, turnels, culverts, drains and openings and laying out of
ballast and all other works necessary to permit the laying and construction of railway
track of the siding and generally all works which have to be abandoned, if the Siding be
closed.
(1)
"Permanent Way Moterials" includes girders, rails, sleepers, fastenings, points and
crossings, fencings, signaling, interlocking and telecommunication equipment and over-
head structure and any other things connected therewith for electric traction and other
machinery (except station machinery) and equipments necessary for working the siding.
(K)
"Legal Representative" means any person who is competent to give the Railway
Administration à valid discharge in respect of any maney or property which may be
payable or deliverable to the Applicant and shall include the executor and administrator
of a deceased person, a succession certificate holder, the surviving or continuing partners
or members in the case of a firm, association or body of individuals, the certificated
guardian of a minor's property, the committee of lunatic, the assignee or receiver of un
insolvent's estate, the liquidator of a Company, II receiver and any person legally
appointed to represent the estate of the Applicant.
(L)
"Departmental Charges" means the charges leviable by the Railway Administration,
when work IS undertaken by the "Railway" for outside parties, in terms of the Indian
Railways Code For Engineering Department (as revised from time to time).
(M) "Overhead Charges": This, in the context of Siding construction includes Departmental
and General Charges, as decided/revised by the Railway from time to time.
Note
Forms Of Description Of The Applicant
(a)
(Where a Single person IS the Applicant) "and A.B. (insert full name) of (insert address
and occupation)"
(b)
(Where two or more persons are Joint Applicants), "and A.B. (insert full name) of (insert
address and occupation) and C.D.: (insert full name) of (insert address and occupation)".
(c)
(Where a Single person trading under a different fee name is the Applicant) "and A.B.
(Insert full name) of (Insert address and occupation) carrying an business under the name
or style of (insert name) at (if the business is carried on at a different address from the
address already Inserted then insert such additional address)."
(d)
(Where a partnership firm is the Applicant and the names of the partner known), "and
A.B. (Pull name) and C.D. (full name) carrying on business partnership as (insert nature
of business) under the style or firm of (insert name or style of the form and address).
(e)
(Where a partnership firm's the applicant and the names of partners are not known), "and
A &Co. (insert name or style of the finn) a partnership firm carrying on business at
(insert address) as (insert nature of business)."
(f)
(Where an incorporated Company is the Applicant). "A.B. &Co. Ltd. a company
incorporated in (Insert country of incorporation (e.g. India, England or elsewhere, as the
For Reliance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd
Page
3
of
27
Authorised that Signatory
Sr. @ Divl Commit Manage"
N. Riy: Lucknow
case may be) and having its registered office at (insert address)" (in the case of a
company incorporated clsewhere than in India address) "and its principal office in India
at (insert address)".
(g)
(Where the Applicant is a joint family governed by the Mitakshara School of Hindu
Law), "A.B, (insert full name) for self and as Karta or managing member of the Joint
family, governed by the Mitakshara School of Hindu Law, carrying on business under the
name or style of (inscrt name under which the Joint family business is carried on) at
(Insert address) and C.DE.F.G.H. etc. (insert full name) being the other adult members at
the said Joint family.
2.
Agreement To Construct Siding:
Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter contained, the Railway Administration
shall at the cost and expense of the Applicant in all respects, construct partly or fully on
the land of the Railway Administration and partly or fully on the land of the Applicant of
the said siding, from 1016.27 (length of siding) Kilometers on LKO PBH (name of
portion) Branch as shown in red and green on the plan annexed hereto (bearing CE's No.
NRHQ-LKO/18/05-2013/R3 connecting the Applicant's work known as Reliance Cement
Company Pvt. Ltd. situated at or near in Kundanganj the District of Raebareli with the
system at or near Kundanganj Station on Northern Railway.
3.
Preliminary Survey Expenses And Departmental Charges:
(a)
(i) The Applicant shall bear and pay to the Railway Administration in advance a sum
of Rs.
(Rupees
) for the first track kilometer or part
of a track kilometer of the Siding required and a sum of Rs.
(Rupees
) for every 1/2 track
kilometer or fraction thereof in excess of one track kilometer, as cost of survey and
preparation by the Railway Administration of the plans and estimates for the siding when
the same will traverse in a flat terrain, but in case of sidings through difficult terrain of
which the Railway Administration shall be the sale judge, the Applicant shall pay such
Sum as may be fixed by the Railway Administration
(ii) The amount of Rs. (Rupees ) and Rs.
(Rupees
) respectively as stated above are subject to
increase from time to time at the sale discretion of the Railway Administration on the
circumstances of each case and the Applicant shall be bound to bear and pay such sum.
(iii) Single copies of such plans and estimates shall be sent to the Applicant on
completion. If additional copies of such plans and estimates are required to be supplied,
the Applicant shall have to pay such additional charges, as may be levied by the Principal
Chief Engineer of the Railway. If the Applicant shall desire any alterations to such plans
involving further survey work, the Applicant shall pay to the Railway Administration in
advance, the cost of such further survey and the preparation of amended plans and
estimates at the rates and terms, as stated above in addition to the cost before mentioned.
For Reliance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd
@
Aut HSR orised Signatory
Page 4 of 27
St. Divi Commi. Manager
N. Riy; Locknow.
(iv)
Provided, however, that where a subsidiary or auxiliary line requiring additional
survey work is proposed to be constructed off the main siding, but forming part of the
same, the additional length of such divergent line shall be reckoned in calculating the
survey charges.
(v)
Provided further that the amounts mentioned in this Clause shall not be refundable
under any circumstances when survey work has started; but if the survey work is not
started at all, the amount may be refundable deducting such expenses, as may be
incurred.
(b)
When the work of survey and construction of a private siding is allowed by the Railway,
to be carried out by the Party through nn Approved Consultant / Consulting Firm /
Consulting Engineer and not under Railway supervision, the General Charges shall not be
leviable and only 470 charges of the total project cost, towards Survey & Final Inspection
in terms of Para 1829 of Engineering Code, shall be leviable. Accordingly, applicability
of charges as prescribed therein shall be advised to the party and the stages mentioned in
the Engineering Code for collection of charges from the party shall be followed.
Thus, the total charges (including all overhead charges) to be recovered from the party
shall be as follows:
(i)
Surveys:
(1) 1% of the assessed cost of the project at the stage,
proposal of the party for undertaking the survey is
approved by the Railway.
(2) Balance amount to complete2% of the Estimated cost of
the project, while applying for the final approval of the
complete works.
(ii) Final Inspection
: 2% of the cost of a project while applying for final
approval of the complete works.
4.
Land:
(a)
The Railway land required for providing connectivity to the siding shall be licensed to the
Applicant. The applicant shall have to pay for land license fee at the rate of 6% per
annum of the market value of the land or at such rate as may be revised from time to
time. This license fee shall be revised every year with a notional increase in land vulue @
7% per annum or at such rate as may be revised from time to time over the previous
year's market value of land to arrive at the land value of current year. The land outside the
Railway Boundaries shall be acquired by the Applicant at his cost.
(b)
License Fee of Land: The Applicant shall pay to the Railway Administration in advance
on the first day of April every year such sum of money, as may be fixed by the Railway
Administration from time to time as yearly license fee for the use and occupation of land
belonging to the Railway Administration upon which the portion of the said siding and
works colored red on the said plan shall be situated, the first payment thereof to be made
on the 1st day
20
(c)
The Land License Agreement containing detailed terms and conditions is appended
berewith as Annexure '3-A'.
For Reliance Cement Company Pyt. Ltd.
St. @ DWI Comed. Manager
Authorised HSR Signatory
Page 5 of 27
N. Rly; Lucknow.
[Note- In case, Railway Land is given to other government department/PSU on Lease,
Land Leasing agreement has to be signed in lieu of Land License Agreement In the
standard format of Zonal Railway]
5.
Sub-Grade Work:
The sub-grade work, culverts & bridges, drains, pitching & protection work and ballast
supply shall be carried out at the cost and expense of the Applicant either by his own
agency or by the Railway Administration on his request. When the works or part of them
are carried out by the Applicant, the work shall conform to the Railway Administration's
drawings and specifications and shall be executed under the supervision of Engineering
staff of the Railway Administration or under the supervision of Approved Consultant.
The Applicant shall have to pay the General Charges for establishment, Departmental
Charges and other Overhead Charges as provided in the extant orders of the Railway
Administration, on the estimated cost of the work depending on the agency of execution.
6.
Payment By The Applicant Against The Total Estimated Cost:
(a)
The Applicant shall pay in advance to the Railway Administration total estimated cost of
the work to be done by Railway Administration including all Overhead Charges as per
the extant rules. After completion of the work and certification in writing by the Railway
Engineer, the completion cost of the work shall be arrived at with the cost of materials
and labour based an actual & overhead charges as per rates, fixed from time to time
added to it. In case the completion cost is lower than the amount deposited, the difference
shall be peid back to the Applicant and vice versa. No interest shall, however, be payable
by the Railway Administration on any such amount refundable to the Applicant. If the
amount actually expended by the Railway Administration for the construction of the
siding exceeds the amount paid in advance by the party, the Applicant shall pay to the
Railway Administration, on demand, the excess amount forthwith in case the excess
amount is upto 25% above the estimated cost. If the excess amount is more than 25% of
the estimated cost, a revised estimate shall be supplied by the Railway Administration as
and when such excess amount is known and the Applicant shall forthwith deposit the
excess amount, so involved.
(b)
The Railway Administration may execute the work by its own Inbour/through contractor
or other agencies, If the Railway Administration incurs any additional liability arising out
of litigation or arbitration award or any other dispute etc, after sanction of the
Estimate/Drawing, physical progress of this work or even after sanction of Commissioner
of Railway Safety; the Applicant shall have to discharge the debt liability and he shall be
bound to pay the same within one month, from the date of the written demand in this
regard.
(c)
Capital Cost: The capital cost of all traffic facilities, such as 'Y' connection, additional
lines at the serving station, crossing stations, patch doubling of the section etc, shall be
fully borne by the railways, The distance for charging of tariff, for each 'Y' connection
shall, however be inflated/increased by S (five) kilometers, However, the capital cost for
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. "Page 6
of
27
Authorised HSA Signatory
Sr. Manager
N. Riy;
augmenting the facilities, within the premises of Siding owner Shall be bome by the
siding owner.
(d)
Capital Cost, if Bome By Siding Owner: In case the siding owner desires to bear the
capital cost of traffic facilities to expedite commissioning of his Siding, the following
shall be applicable:
(i)
The works of connectivity, "Y" or otherwise and any additional loop line at the
serving station, may also be executed by the siding owner, However, such a
facility shall be used as a common user facility by Indian Railways.
(ii) The common user facilities, if executed by the Party, shall only be done thraugh
Railway's approved contractors/ consultants, unless permitted in exceptional
circumstances, with the approval of. General Manager. The provisions given in
various Railway Codes and Manuals, extant instructions, issued by Railway from
time to time and statutory pr-ovisions. stipulated in various Acts of Government
of India, shall be followed in all respect.
(iii)
The facilities at the station, 80 created by the siding owner shall be used not only
by the party who financed these, but also by other users and the assets, so created,
shall belong to the Indian Railways and shall be maintained & used as any other
Railway asset by the Railway. The investors shall not be eligible for any
return/concession in lieu of such use of these assets by the Railways or ather rail
users. The investors shall also not qualify for any preferential treatment in the
matter of utilisation of these assets.
(iv) The common user traffic facility shall became property of Railway
Administration and the investor shall have no claim ta these assets.
(v)
The license fee of land for "Y" connection for providing connectivity to the private
Siding on Railway land or any ather connection serving the private party
exclusively shall be charged as per extant policy, as revised from time to time by
Railways, at its sale discretion.
(vi) No license fee will be charged for the common user traffic facility at the station
from the siding owner. Common user traffic facilities are those facilities which
facilitate the Railway traffic operations at the station. Classification of any facility
as a 'Common User Traffic Facility' shall be certified by CTPM on the Siding
plan during the approval of the plan by the competent authority.
(vii) The Railway land needed for connectivity to the private siding including engine
escape line and shunting neck exclusively required for placement and withdrawal
of rakes from private siding shall be based an local conditions & terrain and
taking into consideration Railway's future requirement. For providing
connectivity, Divisional Railway Manager of the Division (sr.DOM & Sr.DEN to
coordinate) shall identify and decide upon the area to be licensed and send
recommendations to the HQ of the Zonal Railway for approval as per extant
policy. In addition, railway land, if available and not required for railway's
operational/ developmental works, can be given an lease to other government
departments/PsUs for laying their own private siding as per extant instructions.
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. 44ge 7 of 27
Auf HASH orised Signatory
St. Did Comel Minned
N Gir. when
(Authority Rly Board's letter no. 2011/LML/18/17 dt 21.08.12 &
2001/LML/13/53 dated 04.10.2001)
(viii) The Railway shall permit use of the Siding or any extension for the traffic of any
other person/s upon payment by such persan/s to the original applicant (i) of such
portion of the cast originally paid by the applicant to the Railway Administration,
in respect of the land, sub-grade & track wer ks or (ii) tollage for such use, as
shall be decided by the General Manager of the Railway Administration.
(ix) The use of Siding or any extension shall be so conducted in a manner that has
least Interference with the free use of the Siding by the original applicant whose
traffic shall have precedence.
(x) Physical work for providing connectivity to private Siding shall be done towards
the end of the construction of the siding.
(xi) All developments for the proposed traffic facility works at the station shall be as
per Railway's approved designs & drawings and constructed as per Railway's
approved standards & specifications. In case the investor siding owner desires
execution of the work by Railways, he The Investor shall be required to deposit
the full cost of construction, calculated along with departmental charges as per
Codal provisions, in advance, before commencement of the work.
(xii) Maintenance and operation of these assets, at the station including staff costs,
shall be the responsibility of the Railways.
7.
Various Assets And Their Maintenance:
7.(a)
Permanent Way: The Applicant shall provide and deliver at site the
Permanent Way and other materials in accordance with the Railway
Administration's standards and specifications as per the Railway Administration's
estimate or if agreed, by owner of the siding. Railway can also arrange the P.Way
materials at the site at owner's cost. On completion to the satisfaction of the
Railway Administration of the sub-grade work the permanent way materials shall
be laid by the Railway Administration. All charges incurred in laying and fitting
the permanent way materials and all other equipments, which may be provided.
including freight at public tariff rates, materials trains and handling charges shall
entirely be bome by the Applicant.
In addition, the Applicant shall bear Departmental and Other Charges as may be
fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time on such cost, borne by the
Applicant. The Railway Administration may also, if so required by the Applicant,
provide any station machinery required upon payment by the Applicant In
advance of such cost and charges in respect thereof, as shall be fixed by the
Railway Administration.
7. (b) Electrification of Siding
(i)
Existing Sidings:
While undertaking electrification of main line, all existing sidings on this section
shall be electrified at Railway's cost, provided it is operationally justified by COM
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt Ltd.
Page 8 of 27
d
Sr. Divl Comml Manager
Authorised Signatory
N. Rly; Locanow.
of that Zonal Railway. While preparing the abstract estimate for any new
electrification project. GTKMs and cost of electrification shall be taken for main
line as well as Sidings combined together for calculating the ROR of the overall
RE project (i.e. Including both main line &sidings).
(ii)
New Sidings : In case of new siding, in the electrified territory or the territory
approved for electrification, the entire cost of electrification of Siding shall be
borne by the siding owner. This shall also apply to the Military Sidings.
7.(c) OHE Maintenance (Both New & Existing) :
(i)
OHE Maintenance cost, for existing as well B3 new sidings, shall he borne by the
Railways.
(ii)
In case of theft of OHE in the siding premises, restoration shall he done by the
Railways, but cost of such restoration shall be borne by the siding nwner.
7.(d) C&W Examination:
(i)
New Sidings : If on operational grounds it becomes necessary to develop the
maintenance facility for rakes handled in the siding, for the maintenance facility
Including prescribed equipments inside the siding, capital cost on one-time basis
shall be borne by the party. Regular upkeep of these facilities shall be the party's
responsibility. Running repairs of rolling stocks including material and staff cost
in all cases shall, however, be borne by the Railway. In case of POL and other
hazardous materials, some facilities exclusive to those commodities, such as
permanent catwalks, steam cleaning and flame proof lighting may be developed at
party's cast in the Railway yard, if required.
(ii)
Existing Sidings Regular facilities for C&W examination shall be planned only If
the level of loading/unloading is five or more rakes per day. In cases, where C&W
facilities are essentially required to be provided as part of Private 5lding, taking
Into consideration the volume of traffic and pattern of operation, apportionment of
the cost shall be done as per Board's letter no. 84/WI/5P/24, dated 08.01.85 (andas
amended from time to time).
Accordingly, the capital expenditure on construction of sick lines / train
examination lines (excluding recoverable P. Way materials) and cost of staff
quarters shall be borne by the siding owners; while Railways shall bear cost of
tools & plants, consumable stores, re-coverable P. Way materials and recurring
expenditure on staff involving normal examination & repairs to rolling stocks.
However, in exceptional cases enlisted in Railway Board's letter no.
77/M(N)/951136, dated 13.04.1981, the siding owners shall bear all the expenses
for examination, certification, repairs etc. including staff costs.
7(e) Maintenance Of S&T Assets:
(i)
Maintenance of Signal & Telecommunication equipment, provided at the take off
point of the siding and linked to main line Railway Track, shall be maintained by
Railways and shall be chargeable to Railways.
(ii) Maintenance of Signal &Telecommunication equipment inside the siding, which
includes Block Instrument & Communication Equipment, Interlocking of Points
For Reliance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd
Page 9 of 27
St. Did @ Comml. Months
N. Giy; Lucknew
Authorised Signatory
& signals, Level Crossing Gates and Centralized Operation of Points & Signals
etc. shall be done by the Party at their cost. Maintenance shall be got done by
sources (contractors) approved by the Railways employing Railway certified
Signal Technicians, Supervisors & Engineers.
(iii) Periodicity of inspection of equipments inside the siding shall be once in a
quarter. Reilway shall inspect the installation at the level of Sr. Section Engineer
to ensure the safety and reliability aspect of Signal & Telecom equipments. Cost
of Supervisor's inspection &supervision shall be charged to the siding owner.
8.(a) Maintenance And Other Charges For The Portion Of Siding Within Railway Land
(i)
The Applicant shall also pay to the Railway Administration towards the ordinary
maintenance of the said siding within Railway boundary (coloured red on the said
Plan), VIZ. the permanent way, sub-grade work etc. at such rates, as may be fixed
by the Administration from time to time. Such charges shall be paid in advance
within seven days after every 31° day of March. Such yearly payments shall
include all items upto the last day of respective financial year.
Provided that the entire cost of recoupment of ballast, renewal, replacement or
strengthening of permanent way etc. shall be deemed to be special repairs and the
applicant agrees to pay on demand the full expenditure incurred by or through the
Railway Administration on this account. For this purpose, Railway administration
would prepare an estimate, based on actual expenditure which would include
Departmental Charges as per the extant rules.
(ii)
The Applicant agrees that ony special emergency repair works which may be
necessary for the safety of the siding (the Railway Administration being the sole
Judge for this purpose) shall be done by the Railway Administration at the cost of
the Applicant and the Applicant agrees to pay, on demand, any expenditure
incurred by or through the Railway Administration on this account.
8.(b) Maintenance And Other Charges For The Portion Of Siding Outside Railway Land
(i)
The Applicant shallot their own cost and expenses in all things and to the
satisfaction of the Railway Administration and if required, by the Railway
Administration under its supervision. maintain in good order and repair the said
portion of the siding (on their own land, delineated and (coloured green on the
said plan). Such charge as may be fixed by the Railway for the maintenance
&supervision rendered, shall be paid by the Applicant.
The Inspection Charges shall be calculated as per details mentioned in Annexure
'B' of Railway Board's Circular no. 2013/CE-IISP/L, dated 25.02.2015 with
updation from time to time.
(ii)
Provided, however, that the Railway Administration may, at the request of the
Applicant, undertake at any time, the ordinary maintenance of the said portion of
Siding (colored green) on the Applicant paying annually to the Railway
Administration in advance maintenance charges at such rates, as may be fixed by
the Railway Administration from time to time.
For Relance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd
Ss. Divt @ commin Manager
Aut HBSP orised Signatory
Page 10 of 27
N. Righ
The maintenance charges, when taken for ten years in advance shall be worked
out as per procedure mentioned in Annexure 'A' to Railway Board's Circular
2013/CE-I!SP/I, dated 25.02.2015 with updation from time to time; but no annual
escalation @1070 shall be applicable, if one time maintenance charges for the 10
years period have been deposited by the Party with Railways.
(iii)
For arriving at equated track length of a private siding, fraction upto half a
kilometer shall be treated as half a kilometer and fraction above half a kilometer
shall be rounded off to the next kilometer for the purpose of the taking track
maintenance charges.
(iv)
Provided-also that when the Railway Administration is also required to carry out
any renewals of Permanent Way Materials or strengthening of track and special
repairs to sub-grade works including recoupment of ballast In respect of the said
siding (colored green), the Applicant shall pay in advance to the Railway
Administration the cost which the Railway Administration or their Engineer may
estimate for such renewals of permanent materials or strengthening of track,
including supply of materials and special repairs to sub-grade work together with
supervision and other charges, as fixed by the Railway Administration.
(v)
The difference between the cost, so estimated and the cost actually Incurred will
be paid to or re-paid by the Railway Administration, as the case may be, on the
completion of the particular work being certified in writing by Railway Engineer.
No interest shall be paid by the Railway Administration on any such advance.
(vi)
The Applicant agrees that any special emergency repair works, which may be
necessary for safety of the siding (the Railway Administration being sale Judge
for this purpose) shall be done by the Railway Administration at the cost of
Applicans and the Applicant agrees ta pay on demand any expenditure incurred by
or through the Railway Administration on this account. The Applicant shall also
pay to the Railway Administration Departmental and Other Charges, as may be
fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time.
8.(c) Railway Administration shall arrange to carry out necessary inspection of the portion of the
Siding outside the Railway land boundary free of cast. However, wherever maintenance
is being done by Railways at the cast of the Applicant, the Applicant shall continue to
bear this cost. Further the inspection by Railways shall not absolve the party from their
responsibility ar liability laid down in Clause 18 hereinafter.
8.(d) The Applicant shall be responsible to keep the track and cess clear for day to day
movement of Railing Stack and Lacomotive. In case this is not done, the Railways shall
have the right to stop the working an the siding or impose a charge at a penal rate to be
decided by the Railway Administration to have the track and cess cleared for the working
of the Siding.
9,
Weigh Bridge Facilities And Level Crossings Etc.:
(a)
(i)
The Applicant shall provide and maintain at their own cost and expense a suitable
electronic weigh-bridge, weigh-bridge house and weigh-bridge siding within the siding
For Relance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd.
Page 11 of 27
@
Comel.
Manage
St.
Divi
N. Rly; Lucknow.
Auf prised Signatory
limits, as the Railway Administration may require the Applicant to provide from time to
time.
(ii)
The electronic in-motion weigh-bridge shall be maintained by the siding owner at
his cost to the satisfaction of the Railway and shall be subject to periodical inspections by
qualified staff at the cost of siding owner, who shall record a certificate to the effect that
the weigh bridge is showing correct weight and is in proper working order.
(iii) The weigh-bridge, whenever, will go out of order; the same shall be put right by
the siding owner at his cost within 3 days, failing which a penalty of Rs. 2000per day or
part thereof shall be imposed. In case, the weigh-bridge is not put to proper working
condition within 7 days, then train movement on the siding shall be stopped by the
Railway, till the weigh-bridge is put to proper working condition.
(iv)
A card shall be kept by the Applicant testifying the accuracy of the weigh-bridge
and giving date of tests 85 in the case of all Railway weigh-bridges. The Applicant shall
also permit the Railway weigh-bridge Inspector or such other staff, as may be deputed by
the Railway Administration at all times to check the accuracy of the weigh-bridge and to
supervise the maintenance, which shall be carried out by the Applicant to the satisfaction
of the Railway Administration.
(v)
The maintenance shall be done according to Railway Rules & Regulations as in
force from time to time. Such emergent maintenance, as may be required for safety, may
be done by the Railway Administration without prior notice to the Applicant and the
Applicant shall have to pay on demand any expenditure incurred by the or through the
Railway Administration on this account, including Departmental and Other Charges, as
may be f,xed by the Railway Administration from time to time. Other Rules
&Regulatians regarding installation, operation and maintenance of weighbridges as laid
down from time to time by Railway administration shall apply.
(b)
(i) The applicants shall also provide and maintain at their own cost the level crossings
and ROB/RUB/LHSs for safe passage of trains as well as road vehicles as per the
direction of Railway administration.
(ii)
The existing level crossings shall be eliminated by providing ROB/RUB/LHS,
diversion road etc. at the cast of siding owner within a period of 2 years from the date of
the signing of the agreement. Where it is not possible to provide ROB/RUB/LHS on
technical ground (to be certified by Railway administration), such level crossings shall
have to be manned and maintained by the siding owner including provision of gate posts,
gate lodges etc. at his cost to the satisfaction of the Railway administration.
(iii) No new level crossing shall be allowed at the siding.
(iv) In case, the siding owner fails to provide ROB/RUB/LHS/Manned level crossing, as
the case may be, the Railway will provide the Same and the cost of such provisions
including maintenance charges shall be debited from the siding owner.
a)
For Reliance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd
Sr. Dirl Comml Manager
AUM orised Hyst Signatory
N. Rly: Lucknow.
Page 12 of 27
10. Installation And Maintenance Of Tipplers Or Any Other Bulk Handling System Designs In The
Siding:
(a)
All tipplers and bulk handling systems used for loading/unloading of wagons shall be
provided and commissioned as per RDSO approved specifications. The siding shall be
commissioned only when a Joint certificate IS executed Jointly by the Applicant, RDSO
and the St.DMF. that the tipplers and bulk handling systems installed/provided in the
siding for loading/unloading are as per RDSO approved design and commissioned to
their satisfaction.
(b)
For 10.(0) above, RDSO's approval shall have to be obtained for fresh installation of
every Individual equipment and its accessories. Approval obtained for the first
Installation shall not apply to any subsequent installation for different designs and
suppliers. However, in case the designs of the equipments are the same, as initially
approved by RDSO and in case the design is still valid, the approval can be given by the
CRSE of the Railway.
(c)
For all mechanized equipment (such as pay-loaders, JCBs etc.) used for
loading/unloading of wagons where RDSO approved specifications are available, these
shall be provided and commissioned as per RDSO approved specifications only. For all
mechanized equipment (such as pay-loaders, JCBs etc.) used for loading/unlooding of
wagons where RDSO approved specifications are not available, these shall be provided
and commissioned with the approval of the CRSE of the Zonal Railway. For
loading/unloading open wagons, the mechanised equipment shall preferably be one with
high driver/operators scat 30 that the driver/operator is able to see the inside area of an
open wagon. For all mechanized equipment the siding shall be commissioned only when
à joint certificate is executed by the Applicant and the CRSE of the Zonal Railway that
the mechanized equipment installed/provided in the siding for loading/unloading are as
per RDSO approved design (where available) and commissioned to their satisfaction.
(d)
The tipplers, bulk handling systems and mechanized equipment shall have to be replaced
by the applicant after their Codal life (as prescribed by RDSO for RDSO approved items
or the CRSE for other than RDSO approved mechanized equipment) is completed.
(e)
The Applicant shall always maintain tipplers, bulk handling systems as well as
mechanized equipment in good condition. Operation of defective systems shall be
suspended. The Applicant shall ensure that tipplers, bulk handling systems and the
mechanized equipment are operated only by qualified and experienced staff under
adequate supervision.
(f)
It shall be the responsibility of the applicant to ensure that no part of the mechanized
equipment, such as pay-loader/JCB etc. hit the wagon body or its components during
loading/unloading, else damage and deficiency charges shall be raised as given
hereunder.
(g)
For damages and deficiencies occurring to wagons in the siding, caused due to the fault
of any representative of the applicant; damage and deficiency bills shall be raised on the
applicant as per the following procedure:
For Rellance Cement HSL Company PVL ud
St. Divi @ Commit Manages
N. Rly: Lucknow
Page 13 of 27
Authorised Signatory
(i)
Joint inspection of the tipplers, bulk handling system and mechanized equipment
shall be done for once in three months by the Sr.DME or an officer authorized by
the Sr.DME, the Sr.DCM or an officer authorized by the Sr.DCM and the Siding
Owner's representative for three days.
(ii)
In case instances of damage to wagons are established during these inspections,
penalties for extra damage and deficiencies occurring per unit wagon shall be
computed on the basis of latest Rules and Regulations of Indian Railways in force
on the date of inspection. The cost of these extra damages and deficiencies
occurring per unit wagon shall be multiplied with the units of wagons exchanged
with the siding owner for the last three month period to determine damage
deficiency bill for the next three month period.
(iii)
Other than the joint inspection to be held once in 3 months, the Sr. DME or his
authorized representative (not below the rank of Senior Section Engineer) are/
authorized to inspect the siding any time without advance notice to check whether
any damages are taking place to the wagons. In case damages are detected,
additional penalties shall be levied as per latest Rules and Regulations of Indian
Railways in force on the date of inspection.
(h)
The applicant shall comply with all the provisions contained in RDSO's/CRSE's
spec.f.cottons/oppr-ovel and shall exhibit fitness certificate issued by
ROSO/CRSE/Sr.DME for each tippler, bulk handling system and mechanised equipment
at work place. Handling of wagons by a tippler, bulk handling system or mechanized
system (JCB, pay-loader et c.). without a valid fitness certificate shall attract a penalty as
per the Rules and Regulations of Indian Railways in force on the date of inspection, or
may even lead to suspension of the operation of the mechanised system.
(i)
Closing of doors of wagons with pay-loaders, JCBs or any other mechanised equipment
is strictly prohibited. Loading/unloading of wagon through doors by any means other
tinan minual is prohibited.
(j)
In case mechanised equipments are being used for loading/unloading of wagons in the
siding, proper infrastructural facilities must be created in advance to prevent damages to
wagons. This shall include the following:
(i)
Provision of stecl railings to restrict the reach of the mechanised equipment
beyond ccrtain limit, so that the wheels/bucket or any other part of the
mechanised loading/unloading equipment is unable to hit the wagon body during
the process of loading/unloading.
(ii)
À continuous high level platform for loading/unloading.
(iii)
Ensuring proper illumination during night loading/unloading etc.
(k)
The use of mechanised equipment shall not be permitted until the facilities have been
provided, as approved by the CRsE of the Zonal Railway.
(I)
The applicant shall also ensure that whenever loading is done using tipplers, bulk
handling systems or mechanised equipment; loading on the wagons is even on each side.
For cases of wagons detected with uneven loading, Railway will be authorized to send
back the wagon for unloading and then re-loading, if necessary.
For Reliance Coment Company Pvt. Pige 14 of 27
@
Sr. Divl Comml Manage
tRSt orised Signatory
N. Riy: Lucknow.
(m)
In the event of the Applicant failing to comply with (i) any direction of the railway
administration to remove or repair any defect (including defects in bulk handling system
like tipplers, pay-loaders, JCB, loading platform etc.) which, in the opinion of the
Railway Administration, may endanger the working and safety of the siding and/or ccuse
damage to railway wagons, within such time as shall be fixed by the Railway
Administration for the purpose OR (ii) failing to pay prescribed penalties OR (iii) causing
repeated damages to wagons despite imposition of penalties; suitable action shall be
taken against the applicant by the Railway administration which may include One or
several of the following:
(i)
Posting of Railway staff to monitor incidences of damage on daily basis at the
cost of the siding owner.
(ii)
Daily Video recording of entire loading/unloading operations.
(iii)
Suspension of mechanised loading.
(iv)
Suspension of traffic.
11.
Additional Works Including Renewals, Replacements And Re-strengthening
(a)
In the event of it being necessary after the opening of the siding any alterations or
additions or renewals or replacement items, as fencing, signaling, interlocking and
telecommunication equipments, improved safety appliance or machinery of any kind or
to provide quarters for signalers or staff for the working of the siding, such additional
work shall be provided at the cost of the Applicant as per the general conditions,
governing the construction of the siding.
(b)
Any additional expenses incurred in working of the safety appliance including but not
limited to such as salary and allowances of signalers or watchmen or any other staff as
well as all contributions or payments which the Railway Administration may make
towards or on account of leave salary, pension, provident fund, bonus, special
contribution to provident fund, gratuity, house license fee, cost of uniform or any other
contributions, payments or fringe benefits for the benefit of such signalers or watchmen
or any other staff employed by the Railway Administration for the purpose of the Clause
11 in accordance with any rules of the Railway Administration for the time being in force
relating to the employment and emoluments of Railway servants, provision of stores and
repairs shall be paid by the Applicant.
(c)
No addition or alteration shall be made to the siding nor shall any temporary or
permanent structure be erected without the sanction in writing of the Railway
Administration.
(d)
All such structures must comply with the regulations from time to time in force upon
Northern Railway system regarding standard dimensions and other matters. The terms
and conditions of this Agreement shall also be applicable to any additions and alterations
made to the siding unless otherwise decided by the Railway Administration.
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. Lid
Auf Hisp orised Signatory
Bt. Divi 1 Commi Manage
N. Riy: Locknow
Page 15 of 27
12.
Deposit Towards The Cost Of Removal Of Siding And All Other Charges:
(a)
The Applicant shall deposit in advance at the time of construction of the siding a sum
considered sufficient by the Railway Administration to cover the cost of dismantling of
the Siding and other charges in connection therewith within the Railway land and marked
in red, in the event of termination of this agreement on such ground on which the
Applicant shall be liable to pay the cost of dismantling of the siding and other charges.
No interest shall be allowed by the Railway on such deposit, if made in cash. Paper
socurities at 5% below the market value hypothecated to FA&CAO may also be
permitted Interest accrued on this account may be paid to the Applicant.
As the above deposit and the costs are provisional, the applicant shall further pay on
demand, at the time of dismantlement any difference in cast between the cost of
dismantlement and the initial deposit, failing which the Railway would be at liberty to
appropriate the materials belonging to the party towards such cost. Any sum due to the
Applicant aut of the initial deposit shall be refunded to the Applicant.
(b)
The applicant shall pay all rates, taxes, cess and assessments, whatsoever payable or
hereafter to be payable, to any Local Body or State or Central Government in respect of
all structures, buildings and other works, built or erected in connection with the siding.
(c)
Any further tax or new tax, which may be imposed by any Statutory Authority, shall also
be borne by the applicant.
13.
(a) Cost Of Railway Staff Employed At The Siding:
la all private sidings, barring the cost of one commercial staff per shift, Railways shall
bear the cost of all other Railway staff. However, in exceptional cases, in terms of
Railway Board's letter no. 77/M(N)/951136, dated 13.4.81; the siding owner shall bear all
the expenses for examination, certification, repairs etc. including staff cost; as also
mentioned in Clause 7(d)(ii) above.
13.(b) Engine On Load (EOL) Policy
All new sidings shall come up with EOL concept in terms of Railway Board's letter no.
2012/TC(FM)/18/21, dated 07.03.2013, as amended from time to time.
14. Traffic On Siding:
(a)
Wagons will be hauled by the Railway Administration (subject to such rules and
restrictions as may be enforced from time to time and from the point marked X in the
said Plan No.NRHQ-LKO/18/05-2013/R-3(same no. as in Clause 2) hereinbefore
referred to or such other points as may hereafter be fixed upon by mutual consent of the
Applicant and Railway Administration in writing at which point they shall be made over
to the Applicant and returned to the Railway Administration in such manner as shall be
determined in each case by the Railway Administration. If the Applicant undertakes to
shuet the wagons from such point to his premises and back with his own staff and
locomotive, the Railway Administration shall not be responsible for any delay, loss and
damages caused in consequence of the failure of the Applicant to arrange for such
shunting.
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd
Page 16 of 27
Sr. Divi C Comml. Manager
Auf Hare orised Signatory
N. Rig; Lucknow.
(b)
Provided that the Railway Administration may at the request of the Applicant undertake
shunting by locomotives of wagons inside the premises of the Applicant on the portion of
the siding colored green in the said plan and demand such additional charges, as may be
determined from time to time by the Railway Administration; but this facility may be
withdrawn at any time at the sole discretion of the Railway.
(c)
No traffic in commodities other than such as can reasonably he regarded as necessary for
the working or requirements of the mill, factory or industry of the firm. shall, except with
the written permission of the General Manager of the Northem Railway or an Officer
authorized by him, be at any time taken or sent by the Applicant over the siding. No
consideration or remuneration of any nature, except such as may be contained in a written
permission of the General Manager or an Officer authorized by him, shall be received or
taken by the Applicant in respect of traffic over the siding.
15.
Siding Not To Be Used By Other Person:
(a)
No traffic, inward or outward other than that of the Applicants Works shall at any time be
sent over the siding by the Applicant except with the prior written permission of the
Railway Administration and the Applicant undertakes not to permit any other person
whomseever to use the siding and not ta take or receive or permit any other person to
take or receive from any other person whomsoever any consideration of remuneration of
any sort or in respect of the carrying of any commodity over for any purpose whatsoever
in connection with siding except with the prior written permission of the Railway
Administration and in all cases or disputes or differences with regard to any matters
mentioned in this Clause, the decision of the Chief Operations Manager/Chief
Commercial Manager of Northern Railway shall be final and binding on the Applicant.
(b)
The Applicant is forbidden to assign, transfer or sublet in any manner whatsoever
either/whole or any part of the siding without prior written permission of the Railway
Administration. The booking and delivery of traffic of co-user of the siding shall be
governed by the same rules and regulations as applicable to the siding owner as far as
levy of freight and other charges are concerned. The siding owners shall give a written
undertaking that
(Name of the party/co-user) has been allowed
to use
(Name of the siding) owned by him with his consent and that
the couser(s) shall be responsible for the payment of all Railway dues that may accrue as
a result of granting of such facility.
(c)
For the sister concerns of the Applicant desirous of utilizing the siding facilities the
booking transactions etc. shall be in the name of the Applicant only and not in the name
of the sister concerns.
16.
Freight Etc. On Traffic
(a)
The Applicant shall pay freight and also all other charges (including siding, placement
and withdrawal charges, where leviable) on traffic booked and required by him from and
to the siding, from the date of opening of the siding in accordance with the Railway
Administration's tariffs, Circulars and Advices in force at or given effect to from the time
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. "Page
17
of
27
Authorised the Signatory
d
Sr. Divl Comml. Minager
N. Rir: 1.ncknow
the traffic is carried or such rates as may be fixed by the Railway Administration from
time to time. Such traffic shall be subject to all the rules, conditions and charges, as
contained in such Tariffs, Circulars and Advices. The date of opening of the siding shall
be reckoned from the date of notification issued by Commissioner of Railway Safety or
by the Civil Engg. Department, as the case may be, stating that the said siding is opened
to Railway traffic md is fit for movement of the same.
(b)
The free time allowed to the Applicant and other co-users of the siding for loading and
unloading and the demurrage charges leviable for detention in excess of such free time
shall be governed by the rates and rules published from time to time in the Tariffs,
Circulars and Advices of the Railway Administration and in force at the time the traffic is
carried.
(c)
The Railway Administration shall not be responsible for loss, damage, destruction,
deterioration of the contents of wagons booked at either owner's risk rate or railway risk
rate, hauled over the siding during the time such wagons are in transit or remain on any
part of extension of the siding at or beyond the point of interchange.
(d)
Unless a Goods Clerk representing the Railway Administration is employed at the siding
empowered to effect delivery, their wagons shall not be placed in the siding until delivery
is effected at the serving station. In the event of the Applicant and other co-users of the
siding failing to effect delivery within the prescribed free time after the arrival of the
wagons at the serving stations, the usual demurrage charges shall begin to accrué on such
wagons thereafter, the free time, being granted only once.
(e)
The Applicant shall nt all time, permit any person appointed by the Railway
Administration to inspect the loading and unloading of wagons of the said siding
(Colored red & Green).
(f)
All goods dispatched from and to the said siding shall be loaded and unloaded by the
Applicant and other co-users of the siding at their own cost utilizing their own labour for
which railway would not be responsible for any aspect of the employment and working.
17
Working of Siding:
(a) The Applicant shall provide labour for and bear the cost of all operations on the siding.
The Applicant shall be responsible for the strict compliance by himself and his
employees and agents of all rules, regulations and standing orders made by the Railway
Administration from time to time for the working of sidings and for all accidents, loss or
damage that may ensue or be caused by reasons of negligence or non-observance of such
rules, regulations and orders. It shall be the duty of the Applicant to obtain, from the
Railway Administration authentic copies of all such rules, regulations and orders
aforesaid and to see that his employees and agents working in connection with the siding
are made and kept acquainted with the same.
(b)
Status of the employees working at Sidings: It shall be made clear in the appointment
letter of the employees of the applicant working at the siding that they shall not be
'Railway Employee' for any purpose. The term, Principal Employer", shall not be evoked
under any circumstances,
For Reliance Cement Company HASE Pvt. Ltd Page 18 of 27
51. Dirl @ Comml Manage
N. Rly; Lucknow.
Authorised Signatory
18.
Applicant Responsible For Damage Or Injury To Person Or Property
The Applicant shall be entirely responsible for all property of the Railway Administration
during the time the Same shall remain on any part of extension of the siding at or beyond
the point of interchunge and shall make good on demand all loss of or damage to the
engines, damages and deficiencies of rolling stock (Railway wagons) or other property of
the Railway Administration from any ceuse whatsoever except sole negligence on the
part of the staff of the Rnilway Administration or act of God or war or other acts or
circumstances for which the Applicant is not responsible. Further, in case of a derailment.
Railways shall bear the cost of re-railing of engines and rolling stock except when the
detailment has been caused by any obstruction caused by the siding owner or an act of
negligence on their part. Applicant shall, however, bear the cost for repairs to the Siding
necessitated by such derailment.
The Applicant shall also indemnify the Railway Administration against any less due to
damage, injury or death caused to any Railway Servant while working in connection with
the Private Siding.
19.
Railway Administration's Rights Regarding Use Of The Siding
In addition to any other rights, powers and liberties herein provided for the Railway
Administration shall have the following rights, powers and liberties, over and in
connection with the siding or any extension or part thereof namely -
(a)
To use the sading or any extension or part thereof for Administration free of charge or any
remuneration to the use. any purposes of the Railway Applicant in respect of such
(b)
To connect or allow to be connected with the siding or any extension or part thereof any
other Siding or sidings beanching or extending there from which may have been
constructed or which may hereinafter be constructed by or under the authority of the
Railway Administration for any other person or persons whomsoever or for the purpose
of the Railway Administration and to make or allow such alterations as may be necessary
to effect such connection.
(c)
To use or to permit the use of the siding or any extension or part thereof for the traffic if
any person or persons other than the Applicant and to work traffic over the siding or any
extension or part thereof to and from any other siding or sidings or branches or
extensions there from which may be constructed as aforesaid jointly with the traffic of the
Applicant upon payment by such person or persons to the Applicant of either such
portion of the cost originally paid by the Applicant to the Railway Administration, in
respect of the land and sub-grade work or such tollage for such use as aforesaid as shall
be decided by the General Manager for the time being of the Railway Administration or
such other Officer as may be nominated by him whose decision shall be final, conclusive
and binding on the Applicant as to whether a portion of the aforesaid cost shall be
payable and if so the amount thereof or whether a tollage shall be payable and if so the
amount or rate there of.
For Reliance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd.
10
Auf HSH orised Signatory
Sr. Divi Comml. Manage
Page 19 of 27
N. Riy: Lucknow
The Railway Administration Shall collect such proportionate cost on behalf of the
Applicant may enter into agreement with the person or persons who has/have been
permitted the use of Sidings or part thereof by the Railway Administration on the
payment by the latter of tollage.
The use of the Siding or any extension or part thereof by the Railway Administration or
by other persons shall he so conducted in such manner and to such extent as interfere as
little as possible with the free use of the siding by the Applicant whose traffic shall have
precedence.
(d)
To refuse supplies of wagons or other rolling stock for the Applicant to any siding or
Sidings constructed for any other person or any branches or extensions or parts thereof
over which the Applicant may be allowed to work traffic jointly with such other person
or otherwise in the event of non-payment by the Applicant of any sum or tollage which
the Railway Administration may decide shall be payable by the Applicant or in the event
of noncompliance by the Applicant with any directions or requirement of the Railway
Administration with regard to the use of working of the siding or any branch or extension
thereof or any other siding brunch or extension whether constructed for the Applicant or
otherwise including the commission or omission of any act. Matter or thing which may
interfere with or inconvenience the Railway Administration in the proper working
thercof.
20.
Gauge Conversion Of The Existing Private Sidings:
(a)
The Railway Administration may whenever they shall think proper convert the entire
portion of the said siding (colored red and green on the said plan) or part thereof into
Railway or ascisted siding by giving to the Applicant six qionths of their intention so to
do on payment of such casts to the Applicant as would be considered reasonable by the
railway administration at the time of conversion.
The decision of the General Manager of the Railway Administration on the amount to be
paid shall be final and binding on the parties.
The applicant shall not raise any objection to such conversion and shall execute in the
standard forms such agreements as may be considered necessary by the Railway
Administration in the altered circumstances failing which the Railway Administration
will have the right either to suspend the siding facilities granted to the holder or to
terminate the agreement by giving one month's notice in writing.
(b)
Wherever gauge conversion results in MG/NG private siding being cut off the siding can
be converted to BG apportioning the cost of conversion in terms of provision of
Engineering code relating to assisted sidings provided in the investment made by the
Railway is financially viable with a minimum ROR of 14% or such ROR as fixed by
Railways from time to time VIS a vis traffic offered by the siding in the last 24 months.
The siding owner shall have to maintain the traffic level of the preceding 24 months
based on which the ROR was calculated, at least for 24 months after opening of the
siding for commercial operation. in case, siding owner fails to offer such level of traffic,
he/they shall reimburse the cost of gauge conversion. Also siding owner will furnish a
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. Ud Page 20 of 27
e)
Authorised HBSP Signatory
Sr. Divi Commi. Manager
N. Rly; Luckned
Bank Guarantee (B.G.) for the period of 24 months (period to be reckoned with from the
date of commercial operation) for the amount borne by the Railway. The B.G. can be
encased by the Railway in the event of failure of siding owner to meet the traffic level as
mentioned above. Where it is not financially Justified, the siding owner will bear the full
cost or the siding will be closed.
(c)
The Permanent Way and other materials released from the gauge conversion siding will
he taken over by the Railways to be suitably used disposed of giving due credit to the
private siding owner, which would be decided by the Railway.
(d)
The relevant charges for maintenance of those converted private sidings shall he re-fixed
and recovered from the applicant ns per extant rules for private sidings.
21.
Applicant Not To Transfer Rights :
(a)
The Applicant shall not be entitled to assign or transfer or subject or permit to be used or
enjoyed by any other person in any manner whatsoever any of the rights or benefits
conferred upon the Applicant by these presents and any purported assignment transfer or
subletting or permission shall be void and of no effect. Provided also that in the event of
any other person being permitted by the Railway Administration to use the siding on the
Applicant's request or otherwise, the Applicant shall remain responsible to the Railway
Administration for all the charges and obligations under this Agreement.
(b)
Provided, however, that if the Applicant shall desire to transfer the Applicant's Works to
any person or if the applicant being a Company shall go into liquidation and such
intended transferec or the liquidator of the Company shall desire the use and benefit of
the siding than subject to the under mentioned conditions being complied with the
Railway Administration may at its discretion on the written request of the Applicant and
of the intended transferee or liquidator made prior to the transfer or within one month
after the commencement of the liquidation as the case may be and after production by the
transferee of the registered Deed of Transfer of the Applicant's Works pr after proof by
the liquidator of this intension to carryon the Company's business for the purpose of the
liquidation proceedings, allow the transferee or liquidator the use and benefit of the
siding. The conditions above mentioned are the following:
(i)
That the liquidator shall be approved by the Railway Administration, but such
approval will not unressonably withheld.
(ii)
That the liquidator shall duly sign and register a Private siding Agreement in the
sume form as these presents so far as then applicable or in such other form AS the
Railway Administration may then require.
(iii) That the applicant, Railway Administration and transferee shall duly execute an
agreement of assignment as may be prescribed by the Railway Administration
22.
Power To Terminate Agreement, If Traffic Insufficient
(a)
Not withstanding anything contained in the Agreement, the Railway Administration shall
be entitled, in the event of the Railway Administration being of the opinion that the
Applicant's traffic over the siding is insufficient to justify the retention of siding by the
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. 4d
Page 21 of 27
Auf HARR orised Signatory
St. Divi C Comml. Manager
N. Riy: Lucknow.
Applicant of which the Chief Operation Manager/Chief Commercial Manager of the
Railway Administration will be the sole judge to terminate this Agreement by giving to
the Applicant not less than 6(six) months' notice in writing of the Railway
Administration's intention to terminate this Agreement and on the expiry such notice, this
Agreement shall stand terminated.
(b)
The termination of this agreement under the provisions of this Clause shall be without
prejudice to any rights of remedies to which the Railway Administration will be entitled
to, in respect of any acts, matter or things arising before such termination.
23.
Power To Close The Portion Of The Siding Within Railway Land Colored Red In
The Annexed Plan O: Work It For Public Traffic:
(a)
In the event of the Railway Administration deciding in the public interest to close the
siding or any part or extension thereof or to work the siding or any part or extension
thereof for public traffic as part of the milway system (the decision af the Railway being
final in this case and the service of the notice as hereinafter stated shall be conclusive
evidence of the same) the Railway Administration may terminate this Agreement by
giving to the Applicant 6(six) month's previous notice in writing of such decision and en
the expiration of such notice this Agreement shall terminate.
(b)
Provided, however, that in such event the Railway Administration shall at their option
either construct for the use of the Applicant at the cost of the railway Administration a
suitable siding in lieu of the siding or the portion or extension thereof so closed or
worked for public traffic or furnish the Applicant with facilities for this traffic equivalent
to those supplied to him by the siding or such portion or extension thereof but if neither
of the foregoing courses shall be found by the Railway Administration to be practicable
(the decision of the Railway being final in this case) the Railway Administration may pay
to the Applicant the compensation specified below.
(c)
The cost of the siding (both sub-grade and super grade works) originally paid by the
Applicant less depreciation @5° lo (five) per year up to 20 (twenty) years after the date
of completion of the work. After expiration of 20 (twenty) years no refund of cost of any
part of the work shall be payable.
24.
Power To Stop Traffic And To Terminate Agreement In Certain Events:
The Railway Administration shall have the absolute right to refuse at any time to
allow their rolling stock to go on or be used upon the siding or any part or extension
thereof and shall also be entitled to determine this Agreement at any time after the
happening of any of the following events:
(a)
In the event of the Applicant failing to deposit within the time fixed for the purpose any
sum of sums required to be deposited under the provision of these presents or according
to any direction of the Railway Administration.
(a)
In the event of the Applicant failing to pay any other sums payable to the Railway
Administration under this Agreement or my other changes payable to the Railway
administration in respect of the Siding or the use thereof within one month after the due
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd
Auf HSS orised Signatory
Page 22 of 27
Sr. Divl @ Comml. Manager
N. Riy, Lncknow
date of payment or in the event of a due date not being specified then within one month
after service of a written-demand for payment.
(c)
In the events of the Applicant failing to comply with any requisition of the Railway
Administration to remove or repair any defect which in the opinion of the Railway
administration may endanger the working and safety of the Siding within such time as
shall be fixed by the Railways Administration for the purpose.
(d)
In the events of the Applicant ceasing for a consecutive period of 3 (three) months to use
the Siding or any part for extension thereof for the Applicant's own traffic in connection
with the Applicant's Works.
(e)
In the event of the Applicant contravening the provision of Clause 15 hereof.
(f)
In the event of the Applicant failing to observe or perform any other obligation on his
part herein contained.
(g)
In the event of the siding becoming dangerous or defective by reason of any act of God or
other act or circumstances for which the Railway Administration is not responsible.
2
In the event of any branch line, siding er part or extension thereof, connecting the Siding
or my part or extension thereof with the Northern Railway system, becoming dangerous
er defective for any reason whatsoever and whether such branch line, Siding part or
extension shall belong to the Applicant or to any third person.
(i)
In the event of any branch line, siding or any part or extension thereof connecting the
siding or any part or extension thercof with the Northern Railway system, being closed
by the Railway Administration under any powers which the Railway Administration may
possess whether by status or by Agreement with third persons or closed by order of the
Government of India or any State Government.
The Applicant shall have no claim whatsoever against the Railway Administration in
respect of any refusal by the Railway Administration to allow their rolling stock to go on
or be used upon the Siding or any connected siding or branch line in any of the aforesaid
events. Provided always that on the happening of any of the events mentioned in sub-
Clauses (a), (b), (d), (c) and (f), the Railway Administration shall not excrcise the power
conferred upon it by this Claure unless 14 (Fourteen) days' previous notice has been
given in writing requiring the Applicant to comply with the demand or requisition as the
case may be, of the Railway Administration and the Applicant has failed to comply with
the Same within the time specified in such notice.
No notice shall be required to be given in the cases specified in the other sub-clauses of
this clause.
25.
Termination of Agreement on Death. Insolvency etc. :
This agreement may be determined by the Railway Administration without prior notice at
any time after the happening of any of the following events:
(a)
In the event of the death of the Applicant, if be is an individual person.
(b)
In the event of a partition of the Joint family properties, if the Applicant is a Joint family
governed by the Mitakshara School if Hindu Law.
For Rellance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd
d
HSP
Page 23 of 27
Sr. Divi Comml. Manager
N. Rly; Lucknow
Authorised Signatory
(c)
In the event of dissolution of partners either by act of parties or by order of Court, if the
Applicant is a firm or other association or body of individuals.
(d)
In the event of dissolution of partners either by act of parties or by order of Court, if the
Applicant is a firm or other association or body of individuals.
(c)
In the event of Applicant becoming insolvent or going into liquidation either voluntarily
or under en order of a competent Court.
(f)
In the event of the Applicant's interest in the works becoming wholly or partially vested
in some other person.
(g)
In the event of the Applicant contravening the provision of Clause 21 hereof.
26.
Consequence of Termination Under Clauses 22, 23, 24, 25 & 27
(a)
On termination of this agreement under provisions of Clauses 22,23,24,25 and 27 thereof,
the Railway Administration shall be entitled to disconnect farm their Railway the portion
of the said siding within the Railway land (colored red on the said plan) at the cost of the
Applicant and take up and remove the Same and the appliance connected therewith and
dispose of the materials thereof as they may think fit rendering to the Applicant surplus
(if any) to arise from such disposal after first defraying and reimbursing there at all casts
and expenses on end incidental to such taking up, removal and disposal and all sums
owing to them by the applicant under the terms of this Agreement or for freight or
carriage.
(b)
Provided always that the Railway Administration shall at all times have lien On the
portion of the Said siding within the Railway land (colored red in the said plan) and
appliances connected therewith end materials thereof for all sums owing to them from the
Applicant under the terms of this agreement or for freight or carriage. The Applicant shall
have no claim whatsoever against the Railway Administration in respect of termination of
this agreement whether under any of the provisions of those presents or in any manner
not provided for by those presents.
27.
Agreement To Biail Applicant Until Terminated By The Railway Administration
Until terminated by the Railway Administration or unless and until the person or persons
in whom the entire rights and interests of the Applicant have vested and with wham the
Railway Administration has agreed to enter into 0 Private Siding Agreement has executed
and registered such Agreement in the same form as these presents or in such other form
to the Railway Administration ion may require as provided in Clause 21 hereof, this
Agreement shall be binding upon the Applicant and the successor-s in title or interest of
the Applicant in the Applicant's Works.
(i)
Provide that the Applicant may by giving 6 (six) months' notice to the Railway
Administration, discontinue the use of the siding. In such event, the Applicant
shall not be liable for the payment of maintenance and other charges under the
Agreement for the period subsequent to the date of expiry of the said notice, but
nevertheless all other obligations under the Agreement shall binding on him.
For Reliance Cement Company Pvt. Liflage 24 of 27
Authorised HBSH Signatory
St. Dirl @ Comml Manager
N. Riy: Lucknow.
(c)
In the event of dissolution of partners cither by act of parties or by order of Court, if the
Applicant is a firm or other association or body of individuals.
(d)
In the event of dissolution of partners either by act of parties or by onler of Court, if the
Applicant is a firm or other association or body of individuals.
(c)
In the event of Applicant becoming insolvent or going into liquidation either voluntarily
or under in order of Il competent Court.
(f)
In the event of the Applicant's interest in the works becoming wholly or partially vested
in some other person.
(g)
In the event of the Applicant contravening the provision of Clouse 21 hereof.
26.
Consequence of Termination Under Clauses 12, 23, 24, 25 & 27
(a)
On termination of this agreement under provisions of Clauses 22,23,24,25 and 27 thereof,
the Railway Administration shall be entitled to disconnect from their Railway the portion
of the said siding within the Railway land (colored red on the said plan) at the cost of the
Applicant and take up and remove the Same and the appliance connected therewith and
dispose of the materials thereof as they may think fit rendering to the Applicant surplus
[if any) to anse from such disposal after first defraying and reimbursing there of all casts
and expenses on end incidental to suca taking up, removal and disposal and all sums
owing to them by the applicant under the terms of this Agreement or for freight or
carriage.
(b)
Provided always that the Railway Administration shall at all times have lien On the
portien of the Said siding within the Railway land (colored red in the suid plan) and
appliances connected therewith end materials thereof for all sums owing to them from the
Applicant under the terms of this agreement or for freight or carriage. The Applicant shall
have no claim whatsoever against the Railway Administration in respect of termination of
this agreement whether under any of the provisions of those presents or in any manner
not provided for by those presents.
27.
Agreement To Bind Applicant Until Terminated By The Railway Administration
Until terminated by the Railway Administration or unless and until the person or persons
in whom the entire rights and interests of the Applicant hove vested and with whan the
Railway Administration has agreed to enter into 0 Private Siding Agreement has executed
and registered such Agreement in the same form as these presents or in such other form
to the Railway Administration ion may require as provided in Clause 21 hereof, this
Agreement shall be binding upon the Applicant and the successor-s in title or interest of
the Applicant in the Applicant's Works.
(i)
Provide that the Applicant may by giving 6 (six) months' notice to the Railway
Administration, discontinue the use of the siding. In such event, the Applicant
shall not be liable for the payment of maintenance and other charges under the
Agroement for the period subsequent to the date of expiry of the said notice, but
nevertheless all other obligations under the Agreement sholl binding on him.
For Reflance Cement Company Pvt. Liplage 24 of 27
Authorised HBSH Signatory
Sr. Divi CD Comml. Manager
N. Rly: Lucknow
(ii)
Provided further that the Railway Administration has the right without assigning
any reason to terminate this Agreement on 6 (six) months' notice.
28.
Applicant To Give Vacant Possession Of Land Within A Month Of Termination
On termination of this Agreement, the applicant shall remove their materials from the
land of the Railway Acministration and give vacant possession of the some to the
Railway Administration within one month.
Provided that If the Applicant fails to remove their materials from the land of the Railway
Administration within the time specified by the Railway Administration, the Same shall
be removed by the Railway Administration and the cost of such removal be realised from
the Applicant either from their deposits If by sale of the Applicant's awn property within
such land of Railway Administration or by any other means.
29. Right To Charge Interest On Money Due Hereunder To The Railway
Administration:
Netwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing Clauses of this Agreement, the
tribuay Administration shall have the right to charge and recover from the Applicant
interest at such rates, as may be fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time
on any or all sums payable by the Applicant under the terms thereof, if such sums are not
paid within one month from the due date and if no such date is fixed, within one month
from the data on which a written demand is made by the railway Administration.
30.
Right Of Deduction Of Money Due To The Railway Administration
The Railway Administration shall have the right to deduct from any amount which may
become payable by the Railway Administration to the Applicant or to the legal
representative of the Applicant any money due from the Applicant to the Railway
Administration under these presents or for freight, haulage or other charges or otherwise
in connection with the construction, maintenance or working of the siding.
31. Service Of Notices On Applicant:
The Applicant shall maintain a proper office to which all letters, notices, demands and
other communications intended for the Applicant may be sent and every notice, demand
or other communication which shall be delivered at or sent by Registered Post to such
office shall for all purposes whatsoever be deemed to have been validly and effectively
delivered to the Applicant.
32.
Exercise Of Powers :
Subject as otherwise provided in this agreement, all notices to be given on behalf of the
President of India and all other actions to be taken on his behalf may be given or taken on
his behalf by the Railway Administration; the agreement signing authority or his
authorized representative.
33. Alteration / Variation Of The Agreement:
e)
For Reliance Cement Company Pyt, Ltd
St. Divi Comeil Manage
Authorised Hel Signatory
N. Rig: Locknew
Page 25 of 27
Except as hereby provided my verbal or written arrangement or abandoning. varying or
supplementing this Agreement or any of the terms hereof shall be decmed conditional
and shall not be binding on the railway administration unless and until the same is
endorsed on this agreement or incorporated in a formal instrument and signed by the
prities licrete and till Each the Railway administration shall have the right to repudiate
such arrangement.
34.
Arbitration:
(a)
In the event of any dispute or difference of opinion between the parties as to the
respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder or as to the true intent and
meaning of these presents or my or conditions thereof arising such dispute or difference
of opinion (except the matters regarding which the decision has been specifically
provided for in this agreement shall be referred to the an arbitral tribunal consisting of at
least 3 members to be appointed by the General Manager Northern, Railway for the time
being, and his decision shall be finol conclusive and binding on the partics. For the
purpose of this Agreement, the General Manager will mean the head of
the
Railway Administration.
(b)
In case of dispute with any enterprise of Govt. of India, the arbitration proceeding shall
be PT the extent rules in force for sollement of disputes amongst the two government
organizations, as circulated by the competent authority in this regard.
(c)
If one or more of the arbitrations appointed by the General Manager resigns from his
appointment as an albitrator or vacates his office, or is unable of unwilling to act so for
any reason wisstsoever or dies, the General Manager will have the power to appoint a
new arbitrator to act in his place. Such arbitral tribunal shall be entitled ta proceed with
the reference from the stage at which it was left by the previous arbitrator.
(d)
Place of arbitration proceeding shall be the Zonal Railway Headquarter or at a place
where the agreement las been signed.
(e)
The arbitral tribunal may from time to time, with the consent of parties
to those presents enlarge time for making and publishing the award".
35.
Cost of Execet! "II Of Agreement
All expenses in drawing up the Agreement and the cost of stamping and registration shall
be borne by the Applicant. "Money receipt obtained from the Registration Office should
be handed over to the Railways for collection of registered agreement which shall remain
in the custody of Railways. Any charges, if levied for collection of registered agreement,
shall also be borne by the Applicant.
36.
Periodical Review
The validity of this Agreement shall be reviewed on (month/year) at the end of a period
of three years from the date of signing of the agreement and decision for continuation of
the same will be decided by both the parties,
37.
Agreement In Force From
The agreement shall be deemed to have came into farce an and from date of opening i.e
For Reflance Cement Company Pvt. Ltd Page 26 of 27
Sr. Did @
Authorised HBS Signatory
N.
3ih
Head Notes :
The head notes herein are for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the
construction of these presents.
In WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to these presents have set and subscribed their respective
hands and seals bereunto on the day and year first above written.
1.
Signed sculed and delivered for and on behalf of President of India by
(Sr.
Divisional Commercial Manager)
of the
a
knilway Administration in the Presence of
81. Divl Commi. Manager
2.
Signed and delivered by
An
N. Rly; Lucknow
(Part)
Man-841
in
Sr. Divi Commin Manage
7
N. Riy; Locknow.
(1)
Signature
Damar
Name
RAVI BHAC NAGAR
Occupation
ADDL. VI CG PRESIDENTY
Address
T1/201 unitech senth alyGorder LKO
As proposed vettal proparma only
Witness
:
Dobate
SMOKE 19/16/16
(2)
Signature
2819
Name
Hanbars Mishra
Occupation
Asst. Manger RCCPL
Address
HN.15, Amouba Vihan, LKO
Dated the
Day of
20
Private Siding Agreement-
Reg. No.
For
Siding
At Kilometre
Between Stations
and
For Reliance Cement Company Pvt, Ltd
Hid
Auf orised Signatory
Page 27 of 27