10/55
INDIA NON JUDICIAL
Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi
e-Stamp
This
Certificate No.
IN=DL929218158236909
Certificate Issued Date
14-Oct-2020 06:09 PM
Account Reference
: IMPACC (IV) di840703/ DELHI/ DL-DLH
Unique Doc. Reference
: SUBIN-DLDL84070392998542679328S
Purchased by
: CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED
Description of Document
: Article 5 General Agreement
Property Description
: Not Applicable
Consideration Price (Rs.)
: 0
(Zero)
First Party
: CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED
Second Party
: Not Applicable
Stamp Duty Paid By
: CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED
Stamp Duty Amount(Rs.)
: 100
(One Hundred only)
A
PUBLIC-DELHI
NOTARY
NOTARY
E6 NOV 2020
H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
Reon No
Please write or type below this line
AGREEMENT FOR PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL
GOVE RETY. 1703/2000 OF INITIA
This Agreement for operation of Private Freight Terminal on IR network (the "Agreement")
made on this
day of
from gur for 10mL (4) . evention KUMAR SINGH (LRTS)
shew'
you Chief General Manager
чтейта mens PATTA Patrier
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Chiof Commercial
(uma work - ЧАТМ to
Northern Ratway, Hgrs Of
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking), Min. of Railways
Bacada House Nex
Statumery fart, T
1. The Cold Delhi-20 verified al www CONY or using e-Samp Mobile Aop of Stock Holding.
Any discrepanty in the details on this Certificate and as available on the water Mobile Ano renders it invoice,
2. The one of checking the legitimacy . on the users of the certificate.
3. in case of any docrepency please inform the Competent Authority.
BY AND BETWEEN
101/54
of
1.
THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA acting through Northern Railway Administration,
(hereinafter referred as to as "Railway Administration" which expression, shall
unless repugnant to the context, to deem to include it successors and assigns) of the
one part: and
2.
Container Corporation of India Limited, a company incorporated under the
Companies Act, 1956 having its registered office at CONCOR Bhawan, C-3,
Opposite Apollo Hospital, Mathura Road, New Delhi - 110076 hereinafter
referred to as the "Terminal Management Company", which expression shall,
unless repugnant to the context, to be deemed to include its successors and permitted
assigns) of the other part.
Divis
that
for 5. feis (4) in #)/VEJOY KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
you Chief General Manager
minu Prom fathers
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Chief Commercial ManageoRus,
(were - to
Northern
(GM. of India Navratha Undertaking), Mr. of Saluays
address first, greens, 75 Praft-20
Island Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
NOTARY
ATTESTED ATSESTED
HN GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
NOTARY DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn. No.
E6 NOV 2020
1
WHEREAS
101/53
Terminal Management Company is desirous of having a Private Freight Terminal at Villages-
Barhi, Distt. Sonepat, Haryana from the RAJLUGARHI station yard of the NORTHERN
RAILWAY taking off from Kilometer No.55.090 KM between Sanand Kalan Station and
Gannaur Station of Delhi-Ambala section of the DELHI DIVISION, NORTHERN RAILWAY as
shown in red and green on the plan bearing CE's No.DLI/03/02-2018 here to annexed for the
purpose of carrying on Terminal Management Company business in Terminal Management
Company premises situated at Villages-Barhi Industrial Area, Gannaur, Sonpeat, Haryana.
AND WHEREAS
the said Freight Terminal is subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the respective covenants and agreements set forth in
this Agreement, the sufficiency and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:
fouro 00mg SINGH (IRTS)
shoul
General Manager
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
'017 must 14202 mE
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA
Ctud
Commercial
Northern
Rainay
WRITE ENT -
(Govt. (MITA of India Navratha
were from
Inland Container Depot,
NOTARY
H.N GUPTA
*
NCT DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn No.
Article 1
11/2
DEFINITIONS
this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the following words and expressions have
the In meaning and shall be interpreted as specified, namely -
"Agreement" means this Concession Agreement entered into between Railway Administration and
the Terminal Management Company along with its Annexure as amended from time to time:
-Applicant" means the person named as partyhereto of the other part and includes the company
registered in the India under the Companies Act-1956.
"Act" means the Railway Act 1989.
-Applicable Law" means all laws, including rules directions guidelines, regulations and
notifications made there under and having the force of law, and judgments, decrees, injunction, writs
and orders of any court of record, as may be in force and effect in India during the subsistence of this
reement:
-Applicable Permits" means all clearances ,licenses, permits, authorizations, no objection
certificates, consents, approvals and exemptions required to be obtained or maintained under
Applicable Laws in connect ion with the performance of this agreement;
"Break -down" meansa system failure leading to temporary cessation of traffic operations;
"Brownfield" means a terminal commissioned by the conversion of an existing siding/terminal etc.
on private land, to PFT.
"Commercial and Operating rules" means the prevailing rules and their amendments issued from
time to time as per the Commercial and Operating Manual, Tariffs, Schedule, Code and Instruction
issued by Railways or Railway Board.
"Change in Law" means the occurrence of any of the following after the date hereof
(a)
The enactment of any new Indian law;
(b)
Repeal, modification or re-enactment of any existing Indian law;
(c)
The commencement of any Indian law which has not entered into effect until the date of
application; or
(d)
A change in the interpretation or application of any Indian law by a judgment of a court
of record which has become final, conclusive and binding as compared to such
imerpretation or application by a court of record prior to the date of application.
MN For the avoldance of doubt it is hereby expressly clarified that any change in any tax or tax related
NC laws NO. includin change in any tax rates, levy, cess shall not amount to a Change in Law for the
MOO
Renn purpose of Agreement and the TMC may, in its discretion, pass on the impact thereof to its
customer
OF Change of Control" with respects to an Entity means any transaction or series of related
transactions that result in (i) any other Entity acquiring or taking Control of that Entity: or (ii)
the Entities (s) who were in Control of that Entity prior to such transaction or transactions no
longer having such Control in that Entity following such transaction or transactions;
from 65K R MI to Over RUMAR SINGH (1RTS)
General Manager
104 Grant form
CONTAINER (ure media TRUIT CORPORATION - - OF INDIA to - LTD.
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
3
Chigl Commurcial Manager/Rates 4
of India Nowatra underwing Nat of
Northern Ratuay, Hars Ct:
(Govt. with were feit, at New Delhi-20
Dive
Name,
Inland Card
"Control" of the voting shall stock mean or holding other directly or indirectly (whether in India or abroad) more
101
majority of its Board voting interest of any Entity or the ability to control the than 50%
101/51
of construed a accordingly: of Directors and the terms "Controlling" and "Controlled" composition shall be
"Dispute" shall have the meaning ascribed to the term in Article 26 hereunder;
"Departmental is charges" means the charges leviable by the Railway Administration,
maintenance undertaken by the "Railway" for outside parties ,in terms of the code of when the
Engineering Department (As revised from time to time)
"Emergency" of the means an emergencydeclared by the President of India under Article 352
Article 360 of Constitution of India or a direction by the GOI affecting the normal and
of traffic in and case declared or undeclared war military exercise drought, epidemic, earthquake movement
cyclone any other disaster or situation of like nature;
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage right of way, pledge, equitable interest, prior assignment
conditional sales contract, hypothecation, right of others, security interest, title retention
agreement, voting trust agreement, interest, option, lien, charge, easement, or other similar
condition, commitment, restriction or limitation of any nature whatsoever, including
restriction on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute any of
ownership. The word "Encumber" shall be construed accordingly;
"Entity" or "person" means any person, body corporate trust, partnership firm or other
association of persons/individuals whether registered or not;
"Financing Documents" means the documents executed by the TMC with the Lenders including
all amendments or modifications thereto for meeting all or any part of the capital costs of
establishing a Rail Terminal, and /or procuring Wagons and /or containers and other rolling
stock, from time to time;
"Financing Event of Default" means occurrence of a material breach of the terms and conditions
of the Financing Documents or a continuous default in Debt Service by the TMC for a minimum
Tperiod of 3 (three) months;
"Force Majeure" shall mean events as described in Article 23 hereunder
HN GUPTA
N.C. Reon Good No Industry Practice" means the practices, methods, techniques, designs, standards, skills,
1703/20007 diligence efficiency, reliability, and prudence which are generally and reasonably expected from
a reasonably skilled and experienced operator engaged in the same type of undertaking as
under this Agreement and which would be expected to result in the performance of its
obligations by the TMC or Railway Administrations, as the case may be in accordance with this
Agreement, Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits in a reliable, safe, economical and efficient
manner;
"GOI" means the Government of India;
"Goods Tariff" means a Ministry of Railways notification containing rules and regulations and
tariff charged by Railway Administration from the TMC for haulage of goods and containers;
"Governmental Instrumentality" or "Government Authority" means the GOI and any state or
local government in India and any political subdivision thereof;
"Greenfield" means a new PFT commissioned on private land, under the provisions of this
NMC ONX 186 pel # INVENT KOMAR
policy.
you dies Seneral Manager
amount Farm
Chiof Commorcial
CONT
INTORATION OF
- NAME
Northern H78 Off:
(viry
Good
Hand
(Govi
lartskingl,
10
between Railway Administration;
"Interchange the TMC Point" and means the the point at which the Concessionaire's Trains will be transferred 101/50
"Lenders" trustees mean the of financial institutions, banks, multilateral lending agencies, trusts, funds and
agents or to or debenture holders, including their successors and assignees, who have
agreed hold first guarantee provide finance to the TMC under any of the Financing Documents and
who charge on pari passu basis on the assets, rights, title and interest of the TMC;
"Lenders' behalf Representative" of the means the Person or Entity duly authorized by the Lenders to act for
and on includes its Lenders with regard to matters arising out of or in relation to this Agreement
and successors assigns and substitutes;
"Legal Representative" means any person who is competent to give the Railway Administration
a valid discharge in respect of any money or property which may be payable or deliverable to
Terminal Management Company and shall include the executor and administrator of a deceased
person, a succession certificate holder, the surviving or continuing partners or members in the
case of a firm, association or body of individuals the certificated guardian of a minor's
the committee of a lunatic, the assignee or receiver of an insolvent's, the liquidators of a property, Company
Company. a receiver and any person legally appointed to represent the estate of Terminal Management
"Logistics Service Provider" means a company engaged in business of providing any one or
more services, which include rail/road/sea/air transportation, air cargo, cargo consolidation
logistics or Fourth party logistics.
ware housing, Inland Container depot, cold chain services, port terminal services, Third Party
"Material adverse Effect" means any act or event which materially effects the ability of either
Party to perform any of their respective obligations under and in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement and which act or event causes a material financial burden or loss to either
party;
"MOR" meansMinistry of Railways.
"Other Terminal Management companies" means any other person (s) or Entity/ies with
whom Administration; a substantially similar Concession Agreement has been executed by any Rail
"Overhead charges" This, in the context of Private Freight Terminal construction includes
General charges, Departmental Charges and Contingency Charges as decided/revised by the
Railway from time to time.
"Permanent Way Materials" includes girders, rails, sleepers, fastenings, points and crossings,
fencings, signaling, interlocking and telecommunication equipment and over-head structure and
any other things connected therewith for electric traction and other machinery (except station
machinery) and equipments necessary for working the Private Freight Terminal.
I.N. Guplivate Freight Terminal" includes Terminal Management Company works with the Northern
I.C.T. system as hereinafter agreed to be constructed by Terminal Management Company and
1703/2000 Regn and extensions thereof which may hereafter be constructed by him or by the Railway
Administration at Terminal Management Company request, and all sleepers ballast,
mhankments, bridges, tunnels, signals interlocking and tele- communication equipment gates,
buildings and other constructions, erections, works and movable property constructed/
erected/ made/ provided or used in connection with the said track and also all
in 94R RIG 192 1 KUMAR
you oxief General Manager
FAMA
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
(что BRON VII 1 and ta
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
(Govt. of India Navraths Undertaking), MA of Railways 5
Chief Commercial Manager/Ratal &
were fait, 75 Praft-20 Delhi-20
Northern Rallway. Has Off
Iriand
are
Depos,
tughtakabad,
New
land whereon oT, on part whereof the said track and connected things aforesaid are constructed/
erected/ made/ thereof provided or used including land acquired by Terminal Management Company 101/49
for the purpose as hereinafter provided.
Northern RailwayRailway system" includes all land railway lines, works buildings, engines,
rolling stock and other movable or immovable property now or at any time hereafter forming
part of or pertaining to the Northern Railway system as now or hereafter constituted and all
engines and rolling stock (whether belonging to the Northern Railway system or not) passing
over such system.
"Railway Administration" means the President of India, acting through the General Manager for
the time being of Northern Railway and any officer of the Northern Railway authorized by any
such General Manager to deal with any matters with which these presents are concerned.
"Railway Receipt (RR)" means the receipt issued by Railway Administration on acceptance of
goods and which entitles the consignee to take delivery of the goods at the Rail Terminal at which
the train terminates;
"Rail Head" means a serving railway station;
"Substitution Agreement" shall mean the agreement to be entered into between Railway
Administration, Terminal Management Company and the Lenders, substantially similar in the
form set forth in Annexure 1;
"TMC" means Terminal Management Company, who is the owner of PFT.
"Take off Point" means a connection drawn from the existing railway line/network to provide
rail access to a terminal for operation of trains;
"WPI" means the Wholesale Price Index for all commodities as published by the Ministry of
Industry, GOI and shall include any index which substitutes the WPI, and any reference to WPI
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be constructed as a reference to the WPI published
for the period ending with the preceding month;
"Works" means the premises belonging to or occupied or used by Terminal Management
Company which are connected with the Northern Railway system by the freight terminal herein
before mentioned.
"Year" shall mean a period of 12 consecutive months;
1.2
Interpretations
in this Agreement, unless the context otherwiserequires.
references to any legislation or any provision thereof shall include amendment or re-
enactment or consolidation of such legislation or any provision thereof so far as such
H.N. GUPTA
Hamendment or re- enactment or consolidation applies or is capable of applying to any
N.C.T. DELHI
transaction entered into hereunder;
RegB) No.
reference to a "person" and words denoting a natural person shall be construed as a
17/3/2000
reference to any individual, firm, company, corporation, society, trust, government,
state or agency of a state or any association or partnership (whether or not having
OF
separate legal personality) of two or more of the above and shall include successors
and assigns;
for gun Re W.D (4* were KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
she
you Chief General Manager
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
media are-re form
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Chief Commercial Manager/Ross.
(vers weare on waren mm), to with
Northern Raltxay. Hgs or
(Govt. of India Havidine Undertaking). Mr. of
Emplo
New
a with fast, general vá faveR-20
6
Inland Centainer Depot, TugNakabad, Rew Ochi-20
(c)
the of reference table of contents, headings or sub-headings in this
interpretation only of and shall not be used in, and shall Agreement not effect, the are for construction convenience or
this Agreement;
1.1/48
(d)
the be deemed words "include" to be and "including" are to be construed
not they are followed by "without limitation" or "but without not limited limitation to" whether and shall or
followed by such phrases;
(e)
references investigation, to "construction" include, unless the
installation, design, developing, engineering. context otherwise requires,
incidental to the processing, fabrication, testing, procurement, delivery, transportation, activities
(f)
any reference construction, and "construct" shall commissioning be construed and other
Standard Time; to any period of time shall mean a reference to that according accordingly; to Indian
(g)
any Calendar; reference to day shall mean a reference to a calendar day as per the Gregorian
(h)
references a Sunday) to a "business day" shall be construed as a reference to a day (other than
(i)
reference on which banks in India are generally open for business;
any Gregorian calendar; to month shall mean a reference to a calendar month as per the
(i)
any "until" reference to any period commencing "from" a specified day date and
the last a specified day or date shall include both such days or dates; or "till" or
the day of any period computed under this Agreement is not a business provided day, that then if
(k)
the words importing singular shall include plural and vice
period shall run until the end of the next business day;
(l)
(m)
references "lakh" to any gender shall include the other and the neutral versa; gender;
(10,000,000); means a hundred thousand (100,000) and "crore" means ten million
(n)
references to the "winding-up", "dissolution", "insolvency", or "reorganization" of
person or entity shall be construed so as to include any equivalent or a
proceeding under the law of the jurisdiction applicable to such person or analogous is
incorporated or any jurisdiction in which such person or entity carries on business entity
including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganization, dissolution,
(o)
arrangement, protection or relief of debtors;
any reference, at any time, to any agreement, deed, instrument, license or document
of any description shall be construed as reference to that agreement, deed,
instrument, license, or other document as amended, varied, supplemented, modified
or suspended at the time of such reference ; provided that this Sub-parts shall not
operate so as to increase liabilities or obligations of the Railway Administration
(d)
hereunder or pursuant hereto in any manner whatsoever;
any agreement, consent, approval, authorization, notice, communication, information
or report required under or pursuant to this Agreement from or by any Party shall be
valid and effective only if it is in writing under the hand of a duly authorised
(q)
representative of such Party in this behalf and not otherwise;
Recitals to this Agreement form an integral part of this Agreement and will be in full
force and effect as though they were expressly set out in the body of this Agreement:
references to Recitals, Articles, Clauses, Sub-clauses or sub-parts in this Agreement
MOTAR
shall, expect where the context otherwise requires, mean references to Recitals,
(s)
/Articles, Clauses, Sub-clauses and sub-parts of or to this Agreement;
H.N. GUPTA
the damages payable by either Party to the other of them, as set forth in this
N.C.T. DELHI
Agreement, whether on per diem basis or otherwise, are mutually agreed genuine
Regn. No.
pre estimated loss and damage likely to be suffered and incurred by the party entitled
GOVT. 1703/2000
to) redeive the same and are not by way of penalty; and
Any and all capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the meaning
OF
ascribed to the term under the Railways Act, if any.
1.3
Unless expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement any documentation required
to be provided or furnished by the Terminal Management Company to the Railway
Administration shall be provided free of cost and in three copies, and if the Railway
Administration is required to return any such documentation with their comments
prival they shall be entitled to retain two copies thereof,
yes Chief General Manager
FARM fames 7
Chick Should Competeral
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
(чтот WORK - 74119 to
Northern Railway. Rgm or
1
alas
(Govt. of India Navraina Undertaking), Min. of Railways
1.4
The parties rule responsible of construction, for the If any, that a contract should be against the
1.5
construed in this used in this Agreement shall, thereof, shall not apply.
Any word or expression drafting and preparation Interpreted
101/47
purposes, the General Agreement, bear Its ordinary English unless meaning otherwise and, defined for these or
1.6
Measurement Clauses Act 1897 shall not apply.
and Arithmetic Conventions
All done measurements to 2 (two) and calculations shall be in the metric
up (five) being rounded down.
and below S decimal places, with the third digit of 5 (five) system or above and being calculations rounded
1.7
Priority of Agreements and Errors/Discrepancies
1.7.1
This Agreement Agreement, and all other Agreements and documents
expressly are to be taken as mutually explanatory forming part of this
and other provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the and, of unless this otherwise
any between them, be in the following order:
conflict documents and agreements forming part hereof priority shall, in the Agreement event of
(a)
this Agreement; and
(b)
all i.e other agreements and documents forming part hereof;
hereof. this agreement shall prevail over the agreements and documents forming part
1.7.2
apply: In case of ambiguities or discrepancies within this Agreement, the following shall
(a) between two or more Articles of this Agreement, the provisions of a specific
Article relevant to the issue under consideration shall prevail over those in other
Articles; and
prevail. (b) between any value written in numerals and that in words, the latter shall
fram give Xil fire (si #]/VUOY KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
the
Jes General Manager
SHRIKANT
were firm
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Count
(чта W to warre
Nathen
liest of India Namine Undertaring NA. of Rainays
to M 11.2 ARRIS
NOTARY
Depot, Delhi-20
H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
Regn. No.
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
8
Article 2
101/46
REPRESENTATION AND WARRENTES OF THE PARTIES
2.1
Representations and warranties by the Terminal Management Company
2.1.1 The Terminal management company hereby and warrants to, and
for the benefit of, Railway Administration that represents as on date hereof:
(a) It (Terminal Management Company) is a public company limited by shares validly
incorporated under the laws of India and has been properly constituted and is in
continuous existences since Incorporation:
(b) It has the power and authority and has taken all actions necessary to execute and
deliver validly and to exercise its rights and perform its obligations validly under
this Agreement:
(c) The obligations of the TMC under this Agreement constitute legally valid binding
and enforceable obligations against the TMC in accordance with the terms hereof;
(d) No proceedings against the TMC are pending or threatened, and no fact or
circumstances exists which may give rise to such proceeding that would
adversely affect the performance of its obligations under this Agreement;
(e) No sums in cash or kind, have been paid or promised to, or accepted by any
person or will be paid to, or accepted by, any person or on its behalf by way of
fees, commission or otherwise to induce Railway Administration to enter into
this Agreement, or to keep this Agreement in continuance, except as provided for
in this Agreement;
(f) It is subject to the laws of India, and hereby expressly and irrevocably waives any
immunity in any jurisdiction in respect of this Agreement or matters arising
hereunder including any obligation, liability or responsibility hereunder;
(g) The information furnished in the application and as updated on or before the date
of this Agreement is true and accurate in all respects as on the date of this
Agreement;
(h) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with,
result in the breach of, constitute a default under, or accelerate performance
required by any of the terms of its Memorandum and Articles of Association [or
those of any member of the Consortium] or any Applicable Laws or any covenant,
contract, agreement, arrangement, understanding, decree, or order to which it is
a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets is bound or affected;
(i) It has no knowledge of any violation or default with respect to any order, writ,
injunction or decree of any court or any legally binding order of any Government
Authority which may result in any material adverse effect on its ability to perform
its obligations under this Agreement and no fact or circumstances exists which
may give rise to such proceedings that would adversely affect the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement;
(j) It has complied with Applicable Laws in all material respects and has not been
subject to any fines, penalties, injunctive relief or any other civil or criminal
liabilities which in the aggregate have or may have a material adverse effect on its
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement;
(k) [the existing promoters/Consortium Members] together with their Associates
hold not less than 51% (fifty-one percent) of its issued and paid up Equity of the
TMC as on the date of this Agreement and shall continue to hold not less than 51%
NOTARY
of such equity till completion of 1(one) year of commercial operation and the
respective holding of each consortium member conforms to the representation
H.N. GUPTA
made by the Consortium and accepted by the Ministry of Railways as part of the
*
N.C.T. DELHI
application and that no member of the consortium shall hold less than 10% (ten
percent) of such equity till completion of one year of commercial rail operation
GOVT. Regn No.
1703/2000
by the TMC except as provided In Article 22.1 and has advised the Railway
oministration accordingly.
OF
Nord 1 TODO NATURAL KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
SHRIKANT
you Chief General Manager
Chiat Commarcial Managar/Rator
- were FORM inferes
Northern Rathway. Has Office
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA VP.
Bareda House. New Date
(vereur 782 - want), to visitery
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking), Min. of Radways
were first, vit
(I) [each Consortium Member) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws
19/45
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and has requested Railway Administration
to enter into this Agreement with the TMC pursuant to the Letter of Acceptance,
and has agreed to and unconditionally accepted the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and has advised the Railway Administration accordingly:
(m) It has not withheld from Ministry of Railways/Railway Administration, any
material information or material document, whose non -disclosure would have a
material adverse effect or would have adversely affected the evolution or
acceptance of the application submitted by the TMC;and
(n) It satisfies and shall, throughout the Term, continue to satisfy any and all of the
entry requirements and eligibility criteria laid down by Railway Administration
in its letter no 2008/TC(FM)/14/2 dated 31.05.2010 and 21.06.2011 or Freight
Marketing Circular No.5 of 2012 dated 23.4.12.
(o) The TMC is familiar with the business of terminal management on Indian Railway
network, its future prospects, the risks involved and has conducted its own
diligence and analysis of the terminal management business in its present
condition.
2.2
Representations and Warranties by Railway Administration
2.2.1 Railway Administration hereby represents and warrants to and for the
benefit of the TMC that on the date hereof;
(a)
It has the right, power and authority and has taken all actions necessary to
execute this Agreement, exercise its rights and perform its obligations, under
this Agreement;
(b)
It has not intentionally withheld from the TMC, any material information or
material document, whose non-disclosure would have a material adverse
effect;
(c)
The obligations of Railway Administration under this Agreement will be
legally valid, binding and enforceable obligations against Railway
Administration in accordance with the terms hereof;
(d)
There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to its knowledge.
threatened against it at law or in equity before any court or before any other
judicial, quasi-judicial or other authority, the outcome of which may result in
the default or breach of this Agreement or which individually or in the
aggregate may result in any material impairment of its ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement;
(e)
It has no knowledge of any violation or default with respect to any order, writ,
injunction or any decree of any court or any legally binding order of any
Government Instrumentality which may result in any material adverse effect
on Railway Administration's ability to perform its obligations under this
Agreement;
(f)
It has complied with Applicable Laws in all material respects;
(g)
Upon the TMC paying the Fee and performing the covenants herein, it shall
TARY
not at any time during the term hereof, interfere with peaceful enjoyment of
the rights the TMC, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
(a)
Save and except the representations or warranties stated in this Agreement,
HN GUPTA
the Railway Administration makes no other representation or warranties
N.C.T. DELHI
with regard to the business, financial viability of the business of terminal
PVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Rega No.
management on Indian Railways Network and no statutory or other
warranties as to the business or financial viability of the operation of
terminals on Indian Railway Network shall be implied.
from your Xyr fire (4 1 1 MI/VIJOY KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
shout
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
you Chief General Manager
Chief Commercial Manager/Rato.
чтейта were failrers
Northern Rainway. Hers OF
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Barada House, New Dd.
(viver TRUIS an Terret the THE
(Govt. of India Navreting Undertaking), Mar. 1
ФЕНТ favi, HIS
Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
2.3
Disclosure
101/44
2.3.1 If, at any time after the date hereof, any event or circumstance comes to the
attention of either party that renders any of its abovementioned
representations or warranties untrue or incorrect, then such party shall
immediately notify the other party of the same. Provided however, such
notification shall not have the effect of remedying any breach of the
representation or warranty that has been found to be untrue or incorrect or
adversely affect or release any obligation of either Party under this
Agreement or amount to a waiver of any rights or remedies that the other
Party may enjoy in relation to such breach, whether under this Agreement or
otherwise;
2.3.2 No provision contained in this Article, nor elsewhere in this Agreement, shall
operate so as to exclude any liability of one of the parties in respect of a
fraudulent misrepresentation made by that party to the other, or to restrict
or exclude any remedy which the other party may have in respect of such
misrepresentation.
Days
the w
for 1 feis (8 #\/VDOY KUMAR SINGH(IRTS)
561 Chief General Manager
SHRIKANT
street areas PATH failures
Chiaf Commurcial
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
(with EST Tax ta чигич
Northern
Ration
(Govt. of India Navratna Underteking): Viii, of Rodways
BETT fart, greams. -$
Inland Container Depot, Tughiakabad, New Delhi-20
N
NOTARY
H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
COVI 1703/2000 OF INITIA
Regn. OF INDIA
11
12/43
SCOPE OF AGREEMENT
Agreement
3.1
Subject hereby grants to the terms to the and TMC, conditions contained in this Agreement, the
to require the Railway throughout the duration of this Railway a Administration
TMC rights and obligations Administration to permit operations agreement, of non-exclusive right
theTMC hereby understands contained in this agreement (hereinafter, a rail terminal subject to the
and conditions of this Agreement. and functions in relation thereto in accordance the "Agreement") with the terms and
3.2
NON Exclusive Agreement
The non-exclusive Parties hereby basis expressly and acknowledge and agree that the aforesaid
third party, on that Railway Administration expressly reserves the Agreement is on a
any similar right by terms and conditions no more favorable than those offered right to give to
TMC rights and Railway Administration to permit operations of a rail terminal subject to the TMC, to the a
obligations contained in this Agreement.
3.3
Right to Encumber
3.3.1 The prohibit Parties in hereby expressly acknowledge and agree that nothing in this Agreement
favour of or any way preclude the ability or right of the TMC to Encumber its shall
this its Lenders, any Rail Terminals owned by the TMC or held by it on lease interest, in
owned Agreement including but not limited to the Grant provided hereunder or other or license,
Administration by the TMC, provided that no property which has been leased/ licensed any by Railway asset
this Agreement.
to the TMC shall be Encumbered by the TMC at any time during the term of
3.3.2 The Parties hereby agree that in the event of a Financing Event of Default as notified by the
Lender's Representatives, the Lenders shall have the right (subject to Financing Documents)
to substitute the TMC under this agreement (in accordance with the substitution Agreement)
with Agreement. any person or Entity ( the "Lenders' Nominee"), in accordance with the Substitution
3.4 Substitution Agreement
The Substitution Agreement shall be executed by the Railway Administration, TMC and the
Lenders, substantially in the form set forth in at or around the time of execution of the
Financing Documents.
3.5
Agreement Period
3.5.1 The term of this Agreement shall he for a period of 30 years starting from the Commercial
Operations Date (the "Agreement Period
fram STATE Day THE (1) VIIVLIOY KUMAR SINGH N.C.T. DELHI
shoul
H.N. GUPTA
*
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
you Chief General
Pt
1703/2000
Regn. No. INDIA
Chief Commercial
were PATTER 1A
ORE
Northern
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIANA
(чта were et Harry even), ta
OF
(Govt of India Navratna Undertaking). Man. of Roim
with faut, **
12
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
Article 4
101/42
AGREEMENT TO CONSTRUCT PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL
Subject to the terms and conditions herein after contained, Terminal Management Company shall in
and all respect Gannaur construct on Station the plan on of Delhi-Ambala his annexed land, from section) Rajlugarhistation Kilometers (54.550 on Private Kmbetween siding branch Sanand as Kalan shown Station in red
and green hereto (bearing CE's No.DL.1/03/02-2018) connecting Terminal
Management Company's work known as MMLP-Barhi. PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL situated at or
near Villages-Barhi Industrial Area, near Gannaur in the district of Sonepat, Haryana with the DELHI
DIVISION, NORTHERN RAILWAY system at or near Rajlugarhi RAILWAY STATION on Northern
Railway.
Reve gain Cirt five KUMAR SINGH pays)
their
you General Manager
CONTAINER intoir Prom Dilhia
(wim TITUTY - to VIME LTD.
CORPORATION OF INDIA
SHRIKANT MARIYARIA
(Gev. et Inda Nevrating Understand Islam
Chal
Communical
Intend Container Depot, Now Gelh-20
Text, as Strett-20
Rates
NOTARY
N
*
HN GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
Regn No.
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INITIA
13
Article 5
PAYMENT BY TERMINAL MANAGEMENT COMPANY AGAINST THE TOTAL
101/41
ESTIMATED COST
5.1
If Management Terminal Management Company will Company desires the Railways to work on
cost of the work to be pay in advance to the Railway the PFT, then Terminal
per the extant rules, After done by the Railway Administration Administration the total estimated
Engineer, the completion completion of the work and certification including in all overhead the charges as
labour based on actual cost of the work will be arrived at with the writing by Railway and
it In case the and overhead charges as per rates. Fixed cost of materials
back to Terminal completion cost is lower than the amount deposited, from the difference time to time added to
by the Railway Management Company and vice versa. No interest however, shall will be be paid
If the Administration on any such amount refundable to Terminal payable
Company. construction of amount actually expended by the Railway Administration Management for the
Terminal the Private Freight Terminal exceeds the amount paid in advance by the
Management Company shall pay to the Railway Administration on demand party, the
excess amount forthwith in case the excess amount is upto 25% above the estimated cost. If
the excess amount is more than 25% of the estimated cost, a revised estimate will be supplied
by the Railway Administration as and when such excess amount is known and Terminal
Management Company will forthwith deposit the excess amount so involved.
5.2
The Railway Administration may execute the work by its own labour /through contractor or
other agencies. If the Railway Administration incurs any additional liability arising out of
litigation or arbitration award or any other dispute etc, after sanction of the
estimate/Drawing physical progress of this work or even after sanction of Commissioner of
Railway Safety, Terminal Management Company will have to discharge the debt liability and
he will be bound to pay the same within one month, from the date of the written demand in
this regard.
5.3
Capital Cost:
The capital cost of all traffic facilities at the serving station as such 'Y' connection, additional
lines at the serving station, crossing stations, patch doubling of the section etc shall be as per
the Liberalised Siding Policy of Indian Railway fully borne by Railway The distance for
charging of tariff, for each 'Y' connection shall, however, be inflated/increased by 5 (five)
Kilometers. However, the Private Freight Terminal owner shall be borne by the Private
Freight Terminal owner.
5.4
Capital cost of new Private Freight Terminal: The private freight terminal owner shall bear
the capital cost of the new private freight terminal from the take-off point at the serving
station including OHE.
5.5
Preliminary Survey expenses
the TMC does not to get the work done through Railways, Terminal Management
Company shall bear and pay to the Railway Administration in advance a sum of
H.N. GURSA
(Rupees
N.C.T. DATE the first track kilometer or part of a track kilometer of the Private Freight Terminal
GOVT.
Regn. 1703/2008 No. required and sum of Rs.
(Rupees
) for every
half tack/kilometer or fraction thereof in excess of one track kilometer as cost of survey and
preparation by the Railway Administration of the plans and estimates for the Private Freight
Terminal when the same will traverse in a flat terrain but in case of Private Freight Terminal
through Rue difficult BIR NIK in terrain of which the Railway Administration shall be the sole, judge,
you Chief General Manager
чтайты RMA 14
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Commercial
(Hree are en 9417 warm), to
Northern Rulany
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking). Min. wk of Railways
Terminal Administration. Management Company The shall pay such sum as may be fixed by the Railway 10/40
amount
of
Rs.
(Rupees
)
and
Rs.
(Rupees
) respectively as stated above are subject to increase from time
to time at the sole discretion of the Railway Administration on the circumstances of each case
and Terminal Management Company shall be bound to bear and pay such sum. Single copies
of such plans and estimates will be sent to Terminal Management Company on completion. If
additional copies of such plans and estimates are required to be supplied, Terminal
Management Company shall have to pay such additional charges as may be levied by the Chief
Engineer of the Railway. If Terminal Management Company shall desire any alternations to
such plans involving further survey work Terminal Management Company shall pay to the
Railway Administration advance the cost of such further survey and the preparation of
amended plans and estimates at the rates and terms as stated above in addition to the cost of
before mentioned.
Provided, however that where a subsidiary or auxiliary line requiring additional survey work
is proposed to be constructed off the main Private Freight Terminal but forming part of the
same, the additional length of the such divergent line will be reckoned in calculating the
survey charges.
Provided further that the amounts mentioned in this clause shall not be refundable under any
circumstances when survey work has started but if the survey work has not commenced at
all, the amount may be refundable deducting such expenses as may be incurred.
When the work of survey and construction of private freight terminal is allowed to be carried
5.6
out by the party through an approved consultant/consulting Engineer, total charges 3 of
(including all overhead* charges) to be recovered from the TMC shall be as per the time. para
the Liberalization of Siding Rules (FM Circular 1 of 2012) as revised from time to
shell
SHRIKAN
for your frie (wi @)/VIDOY KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
Chiol
Communical
Jul 45278 PAMA LTD.
General father Manager
CONTAINER a VII am undern). to Ralmays
CORPORATION OF INDIA with
(MITH of India Navratna Min.
(Govt. stativite new first Demi-20
Inland Container Depos,
NOTARY H.N GUPTA
NCT DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 INDIA
Rean OF ININA
15
Article 6
Cost of PFT
101/39
6.1
Cost Rail facilities of PFT: (both The Inside cost of and designing, constructing, operating and
be borne by Terminal outside the Applicant's maintaining PFT and the
notified be previously Railway laid by by Terminal Railway approved Administration Management by Management Railway Administration Company from Company time unless to subject time. premises/up the Provided. to design the provisions for however, till such the take-off rail of no the track rail designated siding point) track has rules shall been shall
Administration, which approval shall not or be such unreasonably other authority withheld. as
by
6.2
electrified Cost of electrification of Private Freight Terminal: For a Private
electrification territory of Private or the territory approved for electrification, Freight the Terminal in the
owner. Freight Terminal shall be borne by the Private Freight capital Terminal cost of
6.3
Land: related Terminal facilities Management Company hereby agrees that procuring land
track, in required for establishing a Private Freight Terminal and/or any for or other
accordance of with the provisions of laying of terminal shall be the responsibility laying any and
obligation Terminal Management Company, at its sole cost and expenses. For the avoidance
of doubt, it is hereby agreed that Railway Administration shall not be under any obligation
to provide any land or other related facilities (other than the connection at the Take-off
Point)to the PFT for setting up a Rail Terminal or for laying any rail track connecting a Rail
Terminal to a Rail Head. Provided however, Railway Administration shall ensure connection
of Railways Administration rail track to the rail siding if found technically feasible in
accordance with Good Industry Practice.
6.4
Terminal Management Company shall pay the land license charges for the railway land
provided for connectivity as per extant guidelines and as revised from time to time. For the
purpose of connectivity, the width of Railway land shall be 6.0 meter and shall be considered
from the throw of switch of last take off point and crossing in railway land.
6.5 Permanent way Materials: Terminal Management Company will provide and deliver at site
the permanent way and other materials in accordance with Railway Administration's
standards & specifications or if agreed, owner of the Private Freight Terminal can also
arrange p-way materials at site at owner's cost. On completion to the satisfaction of Railway
Administration of sub-grade work, the permanent way materials shall be laid by Railway
Administration or would be laid by Terminal Management Company under the supervision
of Railway Administration. All charges incurred in laying and fitting the permanent way
materials and all other equipments, which may be provided, including freight at public tariff
rates, materials trains and handling charges shall entirely be borne by Terminal Management
Company. In addition, Terminal Management Company shall bear departmental and other
charges as may be fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time on such cost borne
by Terminal Management Company. The Railway Administration may also, if so required by
Terminal Management Company provide, any machinery required upon payment by
Terminal Management Company in advance of such cost and charges in respect thereof as
shall be fixed by the Railway Administration
form 54R fire Xr (4) 11 W/VIXT KUMAR SINGH RESHK
NOTARY H.N.
shoul
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
N.C.T. DELHI
Chial Commercial Manager/Pates
Northern Ratway, Hgrs Off
your Chief General Manager
arens FAMILY failness LTD
(HIRT WORK NET - quant). to Raineys
OF LOGO INDIA
1703/2000
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA water
(Govt, of India Navratna Undertaking), Mill of
16
statutu THE Part, 75 Delhi-20
Container Depot, Tughlakabad, new
Article 7
101/38
MAINTENANCE AND OTHER CHARGES SUCH AS SPECIAL EMERGENCY REPAIR WORKS FOR THE
PORTION OF THE PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL
7.1
Terminal Management Company will as its own cost and expenses in all things and to the
satisfaction of the Railway Administration and If required by the Railway Administration
under its supervision maintain in good order and repair the said portion of the Private
Freight Terminal (on their own land, delineated and (coloured green on the said plan). Such
charges as may be fixed by the Railway for the supervision rendered shall be paid by Terminal
Management Company.
7.2
Provided, however, that the Railway Administration may at the request of Terminal
Management Company undertake at any time the ordinary maintenance of the said portion
of Private Freight Terminal (coloured green) on Terminal Management Company paying
annually to the Railway Administration in advance maintenance charges at such rates as may
be fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time.
7.3
For arriving at equated track length of a Private Freight Terminal fraction upto half a
kilometer shall be treated as half a kilometer and fraction above half a kilometer shall be
rounded off to the next kilometer for the purpose of the taking track maintenance charges.
7.4
Provided also that when the Railway Administration is also required to carry out any
renewals of Permanent Way Materials or strengthening of track and special repairs to sub-
grade works including recoupment of ballast in respect of the said Private Freight Terminal
(coloured green) Terminal Management Company shall pay in advance to the Railway
Administration the cost which the Railway Administration or their Engineer may estimate
for such renewals of permanent materials or strengthening of track including supply of
materials and special repairs to sub-grade work together with supervision and other charges
as fixed by the Railway Administration.
7.5
The difference between the cost so estimated and the cost actually incurred will be paid to or
re-paid by the Railway Administration, as the case may be, on the completion of the particular
work being certified in writing by Railway Engineer. No interest will be paid by the Railway
Administration on any such advance.
7.6
Terminal Management Company agrees that any special repair works which may be
necessary for safety of the Private Freight Terminal (the Railway Administration being sole
judge for this purpose) will be done by the Railway Administration at the cost of Terminal
Management Company and Terminal Management Company agrees to pay on demand any
expenditure incurred by or through the Railway Administration on this account. Terminal
Management Company shall also pay to the Railway Administration departmental and other
charges as may be fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time.
7.7
Railway Administration will arrange to carry out necessary inspection of the portion of the
Private Freight Terminal outside the way land boundary free of cost. However, wherever
maintenance is being done by Railways at the cost of Terminal Management Company,
Terminal Management Company shall continue to bear this cost. Further the inspection by
Railway will not absolve pacts from its responsibility or liability laid down in clause 20
hereinafter.
GOVT. 1703/2000 INDIA
OF
7.8
Terminal Management Company shall be responsible to keep the track and cess clear for day
to day, of Rolling Stock and locomotive. In case this is not done, the Railways will
have the thaeworking on the Private Freight Terminal OF impose atso
Faires LTD. 17
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA
Northern
Raitway,
(ure of nates to
Undertaking), Min. of Ratways
panel rate to be decided by the railway Administration to have the track and cess cleared for
the working of the Private Freight Terminal.
101/37
Dat
thairt
for 5r the (4) " *)/VUOY KUMAR SINGH DATS)
SHRIKANT MAH. YARIA
you General Manager
Child Commential
arease Pany
Rates
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD,
(MITH weare UVT THE usma), to
(Gevt. of India Navratna Undertaking), Man, of Railways
were Rsv), 98 Perefi-20
Inland Container Depot, Tughtakatiad, New Dethi-20
GOVT. * NOTARY N.C.T. H.N. 1703/2000 Regn. OF INDIA OF GUPTA DELHI INITIA *
Article 8
WEIGH BRIDGE FACILITIES AND LEVEL CROSSING, ETC.
101/36
g.1
Terminal suitable electronic Management in Company shall provide and maintain
at a suitable location motion in such Weigh a Bridge, weigh-bridge house at as its per own extant cost rules and of expense a
weighed. It shall also manner so that all incoming Railway
Freight Terminal limits provide as the such level crossing, gates and and outgoing rakes can be
Company to provide from time Railway to time. Administration may require gate-lodges, Terminal within Management the Private
The electronic-in-motion at its own cost to weigh the bridge should be maintained by the Private
owner inspections by qualified staff satisfaction of the Railway and will be Freight Terminal
certificate to the effect at the cost of Private Freight Terminal subject to periodical
working order. that the weigh bridge is showing correct owner, weight who and will is in record proper a
8.2
A card will and be kept by Terminal Management Company testifying the of the
bridge giving date of tests as in the case of all Railway weighbridges. accuracy Terminal weigh-
Management be Company should also permit the Railway weigh- bridge Inspector or such other
staff may deputed by the Railway Administration at all times to check the of the
weigh bridge and to supervise the maintenance, which shall carried out accuracy by Terminal
Management Company to the satisfaction of the Railway Administration.
8.3
The maintenance shall be done according to Railway rules and regulations as in force from
time to time Such emergent maintenance as may be required for safety may be done by the
Railway Administration without prior notice to Terminal Management Company and
Terminal Management Company will have to pay on demand any expenditure incurred by
the or through the Railway Administration on this account, including departmental and other
charges as may be fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time.
Other rules & regulations regarding installation, operation and maintenance of weigh bridges as
laid down from time to time by Railway Administration would apply.
from gure 10ys frie (4) KUMAR SINGH (LRTS)
Ah
SHRIKANT
you Chief General Manager
Chal Commarcial
wear PAPPET fairer
Nation
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
(arrent VIRABER EM Have comm), that -
(Govt. of India Navraina of Kalways
were first, - 48 fired-20
Inland Container Depot, Tughtakatiad, now Delhi-20
NOTARY
H.N. GUPTA
N.C.T. DELHI
Regn No.
GOVT 1703/2000 OF INITIA
19
Article 9
19/35
INSTALLATION AND MAINTENANCE OF TIPPLERS OR ANY OTHER BULK
HANDLING SYSTEM DESIGNS IN THE PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL
9.1
At Private Freight Terminals using bulk handling system, tipplers or any other bulk
handling system designs shall be provided and commissioned as per RDSO approved
specifications, only when a joint certificate Ls executed by Terminal Management
Company and RDSO, that the system installed/ provided is as per RDSO approved
design and commissioned to their satisfaction.
9.2
Private Freight Terminal owners shall always keep tippler and retarder or other bulk
handling system in good condition, which will be jointly inspected with railways every six
months. Tippling operation will be suspended if tippler/retarder is defective.
for OUR Ans fis (41 #y/VDOY KUMAR SINGH(IRTS)
shill
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
you Chief General Manager
HIVAN were fame faires
Child
Commercial
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
BWEER at With LIB. More EMM)
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking), Min. of Radways
user fail, gressure, 75 Revell-20
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
OTARY
N
H.N. GUPTA
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn. No.
20
101/34
Article 10
ADDITIONAL WORKS INCLUDING RESTRENGTHENING RENEWALS, REPLACEMENTS AND
In the alterations event or of it being necessary after the opening of the Private Freight Terminal to make
any tele additions or renewals or replacement items as fencing, signalling, Interlocking
and of - the communication Private equipments. Improved safety appliance or machinery of any kind for the
working Freight Terminal, such additional work shall be provided at the cost of
Terminal Management Company as per the general condition governing the construction of the Private
Freight Terminal.
Any addition or alteration that shall be made to the Private Freight Terminal or any temporary
or permanent structure that shall be erected immediately will be informed by the TMC to the
Railway Administration.
The terms and conditions of this Agreement will also be applicable to any additions and
alterations made to the Private Freight Terminal unless otherwise decided by the Railway
Administration.
Run gur firs Mix (un SINGH (IRTS)
SHRIKANT thank MAHIYARIA
you Chief General Manager
чтейта PAM former
Chick Communical
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Northern
(чта WSSR REST 7477 - to ESTMU
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking of Railways
ФСТР faur, +1
Inland Container Depot. late Delhi-20
N
NOTARY
H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn. No.
21
101/33
Article 11
APPLICABILITY OF PRIVATE SIDING POLICY
11.1
Construction charges stipulated of PFT in will the be extant as per provision of private
applicable on PFT. PFT policy for construction siding policy and therefore all
crossing stations of IR which connectivity will be permitted only of a from private one siding of would be
the same can be however, in case take as the serving station. No PFT will be
permitted from mid-section, shall be nominated the existing
guidelines. permitted by the Zonal Railway a In accordance off is essential with from the extant mid section, policy
11.2 Cost Commercial of Railway staff staff will Employed at the Private Freight Terminal: in all
related to be posted at the PFTs to carry out the PFT Railway
Company will booking/delivery of freight carried in wagons. Terminal commercial Management functions
pay cost of commercial staff as specified in the PFT policy.
Para Ming (en 5 KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
theyi
year Chief General Manager
PAIN father
SHRIKANT MAH.NARIA
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Citcol Communical
helkh 24 (hisha WADE lst. 1140217 Date)
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking), Min. of Raiways
Pout, 15 Parti-20
Inland Container Depot, New Delhi-20
N
NOTARY
H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
1703/2000 YOS INDIA
Regn. OF INDIA
22
101/32
Article 12
TRAFFIC ON PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL
12.1
Wagons restrictions will be hauled by the Railway Administration (subject to such rules and
as may be enforced from time to time and from the point marked 'X' in the
said plan No. (same number as in Clause 4) hereinbefore referred to or such other points as
may hereafter be fixed upon by mutual consent of Terminal Management Company and
Railway Administration in writing at which point they shall be made over to Terminal
Management Company and returned to the Railway Administration in such manner us shall
be determined in each case by the Railway Administration.
12.2
Unless otherwise specified by IR from time to time by suitable notification or any other
means of communication, a PFT policy would be permitted to book and handle all
traffic excepting that not permitted by IR.
12.3
for rail connectivity railway land can be offered as per extant rule.
12.4
Unless otherwise specified by IR from time to time by suitable notification or any other
means of communication, all types of wagons permitted to run on IR network shall have
access to the PFTs.
12.5
Depending upon demand and business plan, as submitted by the TMC PFT would
provide various logistics related services.
thank
Para 3ᵀᴴ Dang frie (чт in KUMAR SINGH (LRTS)
SHRIKAN
CARD
Commattial
Northern
you the tr farrer INDIA LTD.
четичная/ Chief General fairer Manager
media CORPORATION OF to visitera
CONTAINER <<<<<<< ust 7457 34579). of Radways
(MITTER Navraina Undertaking). Main Partifi-20
(Govt. of India fissit, 75 Delhi-20
Inland Container Depot, New
NOTARY
H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn. No.
23
101/31
Article 13
FACILITIES TO BE DEVELOPED
13.1
The facilities in PFT will be developed as specified in the PFT policy.
13.2
After of construction, Railway will Inspect all safety in the PFT. The
date the opening date of the Private Freight Terminal will be reckoned
from the of notification Issued by Commissioner of Railway
that Private Freight Terminal is opened to Railway traffic
Safety the or said by Civil Engg. Department, as the case may be, stating
and is fit for movement of the same,
fort 5 Ning fir (4) 1 et #TIVEJOY KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
there
you Chief General Manager
HIVEN from fairer
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
(wire secure 751 7951 winn), to
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking) Mn. of Radways
statina were 75
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
NOTARY H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. JELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 INDIA
Regn. OF INIAL
24
Article 14
REVENUE SHARING
in 14.1 the PFT policy.
There will be revenue sharing between TMC and Railways for all commodities as specified
14.2 related to revenue sharing has been deletedAAs per Railway Board's letter no.2017/TC
As per Railway Board's FM circular no.10/2015(2014/TC(M)/14/ dated 28.05.2015
(FM/FM/14/3 dated 07.02.2019, prior to withdrawal of revenue sharing, the amount of revenue
share shall be as per the respective policy under which the concerned PFT was being governed.
Day
the w
Auro 5ᵀᴴ Rie (ч) + . *)/VIJOY KUMAR SINGH (LRTS)
you Chief General Manager
Required telety DEPIR Inificate
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
Chail Commonical
(чен visance TBT Taxes to
Northam
(Gevt. of India Navratna Undertaking), Man. of Railways
act fort, 45 Pertifi-20
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
N
OTARY
H.N. GUPTA
*
*
N.C.T. DELHI
Regn. No.
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INITIA
25
101/29
Article15
FREIGHT PAYABLE TO RAILWAYS
15.1
Freight charges or haulage charges as the case may be shall be paid by the consignor as
per the prescribed rate, in accordance with the Railway Administration's tariffs,
circulars and advices in force at or given effect to from the time the traffic is carried or
such rates as may be fixed by the Railway Administration from time to time. Such traffic
will be subject to all the rules, conditions and charges as contained in such Tariffs,
Circulars and Advices,
15.2
All freight/haulage charge will be paid by the consignor/consignee to Railways at the
time of preparation of RR through E-payment system. Under charges, if any, shall also
be borne by the consignor/consignee.
15.3
Consignment booked from and to PFT will be pre paid.
15.4
Freight on traffic booked from and to PFT shall be charged on through distance basis as
per Public Tariff.
15.5
Demurrage charges for the general purposes wagons shall be levied as per the extant
rules and will be payable by Terminal Management Company or user of the PFT to the
Railway. The free time allowed to Terminal Management Company and other users of
the Private Freight Terminal for loading and unloading will be governed by the rates and rules
published from time to time in the Tariffs, Circulars and Advices of the Railway Administration
and in force at the time the traffic is carried.
15.6
Terminal Management Company will not be required to pay Wharfage charges to the
Railways within the premises of the PFT.
15.7
The Railway Administration will not be responsible for loss, damage, destruction, risk rate,
deterioration of the contents of wagons booked at either owner's risk rate or railway transit or remain
MOTAR
the Private Freight Terminal during the time such wagons are in of interchange.
hauled on any part over of extension of the Private Freight Terminal at or beyond the point
H.N. GUPTA
TISELHI
Clerk representing the Railway Administration employed related to at Railways. the Private Freight Terminal
Regn. No.
will Goods be empowered to conduct all commercial activities
DAVT. 1703/2000
I LIC all times permit any person appointed by the
OF
Terminal Railway Private Freight Administration Management Terminal Company (coloured to inspect shall red the &green). at loading and unloading Terminal of wagons shall be of loaded the said and
15.10 All goods dispatched from Management and to the Company said Private and Freight other for users which of Railway the Private would Freight not be
unloaded by their Terminal own cost, utilizing their and own working. labour she
Terminal responsible at for any aspect of the employment
KUMAR
SINGH
(IRTS)
SHRIKANT MAHAARIA
Para our from chief
the
Chiol
Commarcial
Northern
Ratual.
Hys
3
to Ralmays
Burds
House,
of India Navratna gift Undertaking). MA at of
(Govt. signature are Depot, fait, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
101/20
15.11
In case of detention to Terminal of rake short of the PFT for want of acceptance or for the reason
attributed owned Management Company, Railways will levy stabling charges on
privately of wagons provided they are stabled within a radius of distance as specified
in the policy PFT. The stabling charges shall be payable at the rate as prescribed from
time to time and such charges will be leviable on Terminal Management Company. In case
of general purpose wagon restriction rules as existing for private siding and goods shed
should be applicable.
15.12 Terminal Management Company shall pay all rates, taxes, cesses and assessments
whatsoever payable, or hereafter to be payable, to any local body or State or Central
Government in respect of all structures, buildings and other works built or erected
inconnection with the Private Freight Terminal.
15.13
All other charges as per extant policy for private sidings.
Thirt
for X 165 (4) el JUCY KUMAR SINGH (1RTS)
SHRIKANT
you General Manager
Charl
Community
teleky 11.242 referrite
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
(and work of 741F a to
(Govt. of India Navraina MA. of Radways
with fast, grant +
inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, NEW Delhi-20
NOTARY
H.N. GUPTA
*
*
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INITIA
Regn. OF INIAL
27
10/27
Article 16
WORKING OF PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL
16.1 Terminal the Private Management Freight Company shall provide labour for and bear
on the strict compliance by its Terminal. employees Terminal Management Company the shall cost be of all operations for
by all rules, the the accidents, Railway regulations Railway Administration loss Administration or and damage orders. authentic that It from shall may time be copies be and the to caused agents time duty of all for by of of such reasons the Terminal all rules, working rules. of regulations regulations Management negligence of Private and and or Freight Company non-observance orders standing Terminals responsible aforesaid to orders obtain and of made from such for
ensure that its employees the and agents working in connection with the Private Freight Terminal are and fully to
acquainted with same.
16.2
All "Commercial and Operating rules" as applicable in a Goods shed for booking, supply
and delivery of goods shall be applicable at the PFT.
16.3
Railways liability as a bailee for the claims for loss, destruction, damage, deterioration or
non-delivery of any consignment will not extend beyond the handing over of the rake to
Terminal Management Company at the nominated line inside PFT after which the entire
liability would rest with Terminal Management Company. Similarly for the outward traffic.
Railway's liability would begin only after the goods are loaded into wagon and handed over
to Railways. Terminal Management Company shall indemnify Railways from claim. if any,
preferred by the consignors/consignees on the Railways for any loss, destruction, damage.
deterioration or non-delivery of any consignment in full or part during the period such
liability rests with it.
16.4 Terminal Management Company shall indemnify railway for any damage to railway
property including rolling stock and injury or loss of life arising out of any negligent act or
omission or breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement by Terminal Management
Company. Similarly, subject to the provisions of Railway Act and rules made there under.
Railway Administration will indemnify Terminal Management Company against of any this
negligent act or omission or breach of any of its obligations under the provision
Agreement.
16.5 Company would be responsible to get all and statutory and bodies non-statutory for setting
Terminal Management be required from other government departments statutory Company will be
clearances and that to may operationalize such PFT. Terminal working. Management
up responsible for payment of all taxes etc related to PFT
fram 10mg fire (41 11 SINGH (LATS)
that
SHRIKANT
Citial Commurcial
you CONTAINER CORPORATION OF CONTAINER CORPORATION OF CONTAINER CORCORATION CONTAINER CORPORATION OF 3.4 INER CORPORATION OF inda tiavralive General Manager MA to of Profit-20 NUME Ralways
N
NOTARY H.N. GUPTA
(Govt. of fort, - Delhi-20
*
Inland Container were Depot. Tughlakabad,
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 INDIA
Regn OF INTAL
28
101/26
Article 17
OBLIGATIONS OF THE TERMINAL MANAGEMENT COMPANY
17.1
Without further prejudice undertakes to any other covenants and obligations as set
TMC derogation of, its and agrees, at its own cost and out in this addition Agreement, to, and the
WK4
not in obligations contained elsewhere in expense this Agreement, and in to:
17.1.1
Obtain and from keep time valid all such Applicable Permits (including renewals as be
required shall do to time) required for the performance of its obligations under may this
Agreement, and shall nothing to vitiate the conditions of the Applicable Permits and their
renewals comply with all Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits;
17.1.2 Discharge all its obligations contained in this Agreement in accordance with Good
Industry Practice:
17.1.3 Undertake loading and unloading operations.
17.1.4
Perform and fulfil its obligations under the Financing Documents:
17.1.5 Ensure and procure that its Contractors/sub-contracto comply with all Applicable
Permits and Applicable Laws in the performance by them of any of the TMC obligations
under this Agreement;
17.1.6 Support, cooperate with and facilitate Railway Administration in the effective and
timely implementation and operation of the provisions of this Agreement;
17.1.7 Provide all relevant data and information to FOIS through an on line system, in
accordance with the requirements of this Agreement;
17.1.8 Draw and maintain adequate insurance cover throughout the term of this Agreement for
the Rail Terminal from an insurance company licensed by the Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the TMC shall
procure adequate insurance to cover against (i) any loss, damage or destruction of the Rail
Terminal; (ii) TMC general liability arising out of this Agreement to the extent it is
commercially insurable; (iii) any other insurance that may be necessary to protect against
Force Majeure Events that are commercially insurable; and (iv) such other insurance the TMC
any be customary in accordance with Good Industry Practice. In this regard. policies
as shall, may from time to time, provide to Railway Administration copies or all insurance
obtained by the TMC in accordance with the terms of this Agreement:
17.1.9 efforts to maintain harmony and good industrial relations among of the its
Make personnel reasonable employed by it or its Contractors in order to ensure performance
17.1.10 obligations under this Agreement; to be done any act (or commission of or this omission), Agreement deed or or in thing, any manner which
Neither do nor permit of any of the provisions contained
may prejudice in any the manner performance be violative by the TMC of any of its covenants or obligations
17.1.11 herein; Bear and all costs, expenses and charges in connection Agreement; with or incidental to the
performance pay of the obligations of the TMA Cunder H.N. this GUPTA
from Day OUR
N.C.T. DELHI
Regn No.
the
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INITIA
SHRIKANT
Citil
Commercial
(werer THE CORPORATION OF Navratna 1 Milli of of
(Govt. sterting triand of Container India - Depot, port, THEIR Tughlakabad, New
101/25
Maintain accurate, up-to-date and complete records relating to Terminal Management
17.1.12 Company's Terminal operations.
17.1.13 upon receipt of of a Railway Administration to enter upon its premises (whether at a Rail
of request in this regard, allow, at any time and from time to time,
Terminal or office premises (including registered office) to inspect any and all
documents pertaining to any terminal related operations and to provide all necessary
support assistance as may be required by Railway Administration in this regard.
The Terminal Management Company shall promptly inform Railway Administration of
17.1.14 any Material Adverse Effect in its financial conditions and of any litigation threatened or
initiated.
17.1.15 TO do all such of Concessionaire's other acts, deeds and things as are necessary or incidental to the
performance obligations under the Agreement.
17.2 EMPLOYMENT OF FOREIGN NATIONALS
17.2.1 The Terminal Management Company acknowledges, agrees and undertakes that
employment of foreign personnel by the Terminal Management Company and/or its
contractors and their sub-contractors shall be subject to permission of requisite
regulatory permits and approvals including employment/residential visas and work
permits. if any required, and obligation to apply for and obtain the same shall and will
always be of the Terminal Management Company and notwithstanding to the contrary
contained in this agreement, refusal of or inability to obtain any such permits and
approvals by the Terminal Management Company or any of its contractors or sub-
contractors shall not constitute Force Majeure Event, and shall not in any manner excuse
the Terminal Management Company from the performance and discharge of its
obligations and liabilities under this Agreement.
for 9919 Daine the 01/VDST KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
that
you Chief General Manager
SHRIKANT
чтейта were from fairer
OH
Commercial
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
(ver mail 31 941H to
(Govt. of India Navratna di fulways
fair,
Inland Container Depot,
NOTARY
H.N. GUPTA
*
*
N.C.T. DELHi
Regn. No.
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
30
Article 18
OBLIGATIONS OF RAIL WAY ADMINISTRATION
The Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that Railway Administration shall be
181
responsible for planning and coordinating the movement of train services from to the
terminal in India. Railway Administration shall, on receiving a request from the
Terminal Management Company provide connectivity to the Terminal Management
Company a FOIS terminal to enable the Terminal Management Company to access
information on movement and operation of rolling stock owned by Terminal
Management Company. Provided, however, the cost of establishing, operating and
maintaining such FOIS terminal including but not limited to the connectivity charges
shall be borne by the Terminal Management Company.
18.2
Without prejudice to any other obligations and covenants of Railway Administration
contained in this Agreement, Railway Administration also agrees and undertakes to
provide all reasonable assistance to the Terminal Management Company in operating, in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the TMC's Terminals and, agrees to:
18.2.1 Maintain a level playing field for all TMC's who undertake private freight terminal
operations on Railway Administration's rail network and implement a transparent and non-
discriminatory system for dispatch and movement of locomotives and Trains on its network:
18.22 Upon receiving a request from the Terminal Management Company, make available,
from time to time, all relevant circulars, and notifications and like documents to the
Terminal Management Company pertaining to the performance of this Agreement or the rights
and obligations of the Parties hereto;
18.23 Railway Administration shall depute its personnel to issue Railway Receipt (RR) and for other
documentation.
Days
their
SHRIKANT
farm 54R frie VLICY KUMAR SINGH(1RTS)
Oval
Commarcial
you General Manager
Prnu fairer LTD.
CONTAINER CORPORATION or
(MTTH VIRGITY a Holways
NOTARY
(Govt.
of
India
sterévire
frait
H.N. GUPTA
*
-20-20
Depot
N.C.T. DELHI
Inland
Container
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn. No.
31
Article 19
PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL NOT TO BE USED BY OTHER PERSON
hi
No inward traffic other than that of Terminal Management Company or consignees to
19.1 whom the consent to handle the traffic in PFT has been given by Terminal Management
Company will be handled at the PFT.
No outward traffic other than that of Terminal Management Company or the consignors
19.2 who had entered into an agreement with Terminal Management Company will be booked from
PFT.
In all cases of disputes or differences with regard to any matters mentioned in this
19.3 Clause the decision of the Chief Commercial Manager of Northern Railway shall be final and
binding on Terminal Management Company.
for QTH Ding firs (4) = HUMAR STNGH(IRTS)
the in
you Chief General Manager
areas from LTD.
SHRIKANT
MAHYARIA
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA with
Cript
Commission
(anta REGISTR 5 ment). 13 Ralways
of India Navratna of
(Govt. stating use=12 favi, R$ Delhi-20
Inland Container Depot, Tugniakabas, has
N
NOTARY
H.N GUPTA
*
*
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn. No.
32
Article 22
ASSIGNMENT & TRANSFER
the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Terminal
in
completion is done year from the Commercial Operation Date, to third party
of 1 (one) not transfer and/or assign this Agreement, before the
except il the the same in favour of a direct/indirect subsidiary or holding any (as
defined in Companies Act 1956) or any assignment/transfer of this Agreement company by the
Terminal Management Company to any Lender's Nominee for substitution of the
Terminal Management Company pursuant to a Financing Event of Default under any
Financing Document through the Substitution Agreement ("Transferee"). subject to such
Transferee being found acceptable by the Railway Administration from à national
security and public interest perspective.
2.2
The Terminal Management Company may transfer and/or assign the Terminal to any
third party after one (1) year after the commencement of commercial operations of the
Concessionaire's Terminal, however subject to the condition that such transfer shall be
effected only pursuant to an approval from the Railway Administration, which may only
reject the transfer or assignment if it believes that such transfer would be prejudicial to
national security or public interest.
22.3 CHANGE OF CONTROL
22.3.1 There shall be no Change of Control of the Terminal Management Company through
transfer of the direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership or control of any equity or
other contractual arrangement before the completion of one (1) year from the
commencement or commercial operations of the Concessionaire 5 Terminals pursuant to
this Agreement, whereafter there may be a Change of Control subject however to the
condition that such Change of Control shall be effected only after an approval from the
Railway Administration, which may reject such Change of Control from a national
security or public interest perspective.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Terminal
Management Company agrees and acknowledges that:
acquisitions of equity by an acquirer either by himself or with indirect any
accing in concert, directly or indirectly by transfer of the direct of or not less
beneficial ownership or control of any equity, in aggregate
or of the total equity of the Terminal Management Company, or
GOVT. 1703/2000
OF together THOMA the acquisition with Terminal any person Management or persons Administration Company acting by in from concert any person a with national him either security shall by be and subject public to
of any control directly or indirectly of the Board of himself Directors or
prior interest shall undertakes of the be approval perspective Board final, that of of conclusive the of it the Railway shall Directors and Railway not the Administration. and give decision of binding the effect Terminal of on to For the any the the Railway avoidance such Management Terminal acquisition administration of Thank Management doubt, Company it of is equity in Company without this or control behalf such and
prior
approval
for THE THE KUMAR SINGH Manager (IRTS)
SHRIKAN
onal
Commuticial
Northam Robbay, HOM
Home,
New
(чтей of more India Navratna of Undertaking). MA at to Preefi-20 waters Delhi-20
(Govt. Inland Container were Depot, Tughlakabad, New
Article 21
RAILWAY ADMINISTRATION'S RIGHTS REGARDING USE OF THE PRIVATE
FREIGHT TERMINAL
21.1
In addition to any other rights, powers and liberties herein provided for, the
Railway Administration shall have the following rights, powers and liberties, over
and in connection with the Private Freight Terminal or any extension or part
thereof, namely To use the Private Freight Terminal or any extension or part
thereof for any purposes of the Railway Administration free of charge or any
remuneration to Terminal Management Company in respect of such use.
for guir Darl fir (v) *yNDOY KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
that
Chief General Manager
yes media 25275 firm INDIA LTD.
SHRIKANT MAHYARIA
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF to There
and Commureial
SARNICY P (hulba White 1sh Month
Northern
RAGE
of India Navratna Undertaking), vin.
(Govt. stating were Part, at Delhi-20
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New
NOTARY H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn No.
34
Article 20
TERMINAL MANAGEMENT COMPANY RESPONSIBLE FOR DAMAGE OR
INJURY TO PERSON OR PROPERTY
20.1
Terminal Management Company shall be entirely responsible for all moving assets of the
Railway Administration during the time the same shall remain on any part or extension of
the Private Freight Terminal at or beyond the point of interchange and shall make good on
demand all loss of or damage to the engines, damages and deficiencies of rolling stock
(railway wagons) or other property of the Railway Administration from any cause
whatsoever except sole negligence on the part of the staff of the Railway Administration
or act or God or war or other acts or circumstances for which Terminal Management
Company is not responsible. Further, in case of a derailment, Railways shall bear the
cost of re-railing of engines and rolling stock except when the derailment has been caused by
any obstruction caused by the Private Freight Terminal owner or an act of negligence on
their part. Terminal Management Company, however, would bear the cost for repairs to the
Private Freight Terminal necessitated by such derailment.
20.2
However the TMC, would bear the cost of re-railing of engines and rolling stock when
the maintenance of the track is being undertaken by the TMC itself.
20.3
Terminal Management Company shall also indemnify the Railway Administration
against any loss due to damage, injury or death caused to any railway servant while
working in connection with the Private Freight Terminal.
Ans KUMAR SINGH (12TS)
the wi
from you ФИН
SHRIKANT
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< Raterns
City
Commercial
Nothen
(Govt. of 1000 Navrolna Kin 4t of
stenting leland Container are Depot, fruit. Tughiakabad, HOW Delhi-20
OTARY
N
H.N. GUPTA
N.C.T. JELHI
GOVT. OF INDIA
1703/2000
33
10/17
101/19
expressly agreed that approval of the Railway Administration hereunder shall be limited
to national security and public interest perspective, and the Railway Administration shall
endeavour to convey its decision thereon expeditiously. It is also agreed that the Railway
Administration shall not be liable in any manner on account of grant or otherwise of such
approval and that such approval or denial thereof shall not in any manner absolve the
Terminal Management Company from any liability or obligation under this Agreement.
For the purposes of this Article 22.3:
(a)
the expression "acquirer", "control" and "person acting in concert" shall have the
meaning ascribed thereto in the Security and Exchange Board of India (Substantial
Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 1997 or any statutory re-
enactment thereof as in force as on the date of acquisition of equity, or the control
of the Board of Directors, as the case may be, of the Terminal Management
Company;
(b)
the indirect transfer or control of legal or beneficial ownership of equity shall
mean transfer of the direct or indirect beneficial ownership or control of any
company or companies whether in India or abroad which results in the acquirer
acquiring control over the shares or voting rights of shares of the Terminal
Management Company; and
(c)
power to appoint, whether by contract or by virtue of control or acquisition of
shares of any company holding directly or through one or more companies
(whether situated in India or abroad) the equity of the Terminal Management of the
not less than half of the directors on the Board of Directors whether
Company, Terminal situate of in Management India the equity or abroad, of Company the having Terminal or ultimate of any Management company, control of directly not Company less or than indirectly Directors shall 15% (fifteen constitute of per the
cent) acquisition of control, directly or indirectly, of the their Board of
Terminal Management Company.
for 5" Nay frie evention General KUMAR SINGH Manager (IRTS)
SHRIKANT
Chil
Commetical
Northern
(Govt of India Narratna of fedt, Chief MA. INDIA LTO. as to of " Delhi-20 Radneys
Inland Comainer were pegol. New
N
NOTARY H.N. GUPTA
*
*
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INITIA
Regn No.
36
101/18
Article 23
FORCE MAJEURE
mean As used occurrence Event, in this Agreement, in India of the expression "Force Majeure" or "Force Majeure Event" shall
of the political its performance obligations of the other by under than the Party non-availability this Agreement claiming the all of benefit funds of Non-Political or of on such account Force Event, thereof, Majeure Indirect to (the the Political "Affected extent Event it Party") affects and
control Affected Party and and which act or event
affected by such events; and (ii) not has brought about at the instance (i) of, is the beyond the reasonable
the payment of monies due under this Agreement Material or any Adverse applicable Effect on the Affected Party Party, claiming except to for be
Law.
23.1 Non-Political Event
Act A Non-Political of God, Event shall mean one or more of the following acts
23.1.1 earthquake, landslide, epidemic or plague, extremely or events:
Strikes contamination or ionizing radiation, cyclone, fire flood, or explosion: volcanie adverse eruption, weather chemical conditions, or radioactive lightning
23.1.3 23.1.2 Strikes Terminal or or Management boycotts Company, other than leading those to disruption involving of the rail Railway Administration and the
services; boycotts involving the Railway Administration transit if such services; strikes interrupt train
23.1.4 movement Train accidents/collisions of rail traffic; for whatsoever reason so caused, leading to disruption in the
23.1.5 Terminal Any judgment Management or order Company of any court of competent jurisdiction made
The exercise Applicable Law than discovery or (i) of Applicable failure any Permit of of its of rights geological or the Permit, of Terminal under any or this contract (ii) Concessionaire Management Agreement on or account (iii) by Company the enforcement in of Railway any breach to proceedings Administration; comply of of any this with Applicable Agreement for any reasons against Applicable Law or other (iv) the or
23.1.6 on the site that could conditions, toxic contamination
inspection; or not reasonably have been expected to he or discovered archaeological through remains a site
23.2 23. 1.7 Any event or circumstances of a nature analogous to any of the foregoing.
Indirect Political Event
23.2.1 conflict An act of war or act of enemy (whether declared or undeclared), 2 NOTARY
An indirect Political Event shall mean one or more of the following acts or events:
military action, civil commotion or politically motivated sabotage:
or act of foreign enemy, blockade. embargo, riot, insurrection, invasion, terrorise TONELHI UPTA
Renn No.
23.2.2 Industry-wide or state-wide strikes or industrial action (other than any strikes or boyeotts 1703/2000
mentioned in Article 23.1 above):
INDIA
23.2.3 Any civil commotion, boycott or political agitation, which prevents running of train OF
services; or
23.24 Any event or circumstances of a nature analogous to any or the foregoing.
Para M Rie #)(V1JOY KUMAR SINGH (TRTS)
you Chef General Manager
shout
22412 letel 24 252 referrite
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
(wire Truste UST Taxes ta
SHRIKANT MAH.
Chist Commarcial
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking), Mr. of Railways
stating Part, 75 Profit-20
Northern Rationy Ram
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
10/11/
Political Event
233
A of politicalernmental meanty mean one pertaining or more to of only the following Central Government acts or events in by India: or on account
23.3.1
Change in Law resulting in the Terminal Management Company being unable to exercise
Management Company or materially
contemplated under to Agreement; utilize the Project Assets impairing in the the manner ability or of for the the Terminal purpose
23.3.2 Expropriation Company; or compulsory acquisition of any Project Assets or rights of the Terminal
Management
23.3.3 Unlawful without or unauthorized valid or without jurisdiction, revocation of or refusal to renew
grant cause, any clearance, licence, permit, authorization, no objection or
certificate, consent, approval or exemption required by the Terminal Management
Company to perform its respective obligations under this Agreement and the Project
Agreements, provided that such delay, modification, denial, refusal or revocation did not
result from the Concessionaire's inability or failure to comply with any or more conditions
relating to concession, maintenance or renewal of such clearance, licence, authorization,
no objection certificate, exemption, consent, approval or permit; or
$23.3.4
Any event or circumstance of a nature analogous to any of the foregoing.
For avoidance of doubt it is hereby expressly agreed that any change in taxes, levy, cess
or increase in other costs, including operating costs, shall not amount to a Force Majeure
Event for the purposes of this Agreement.
23.4
Duty to Report Force Majeure Event upon occurrence of a Force Majeure Event. the
Affected Party shall by written notice report such occurrence to the other Party forthwith.
Any notice pursuant hereto shall include full particulars of the:
23.4.1 Nature and extent of each Force Majeure Event which is the subject of any claim for relief
with evidence in support thereof;
23.4.2 Estimated duration and the effect or probable effect which such Force Majeure Event this is
having or will have on the Affected Party's performance of its obligations under
Agreement;
23.4.3 Measures which the Affected Party is taking or proposes to take for alleviating the impact
of such Force Majeure Event; and
NO
23.44 Any other information relevant to the Affected Party's claim.
HN GUPT The Event Affected unless Party it shall shall have not notified be entitled the and other shall to any Party have relief of given the for occurrence or particulars in respect of of of the a the Force Force as Majeure Majeure Affected soon as
N.C.T. Regn. 1703/200p DEL Noreasobably Event of its occurrence, 7 (seven) days after the
MOO
OF
Front For Event Majeure so knew, is known, long likely Event, practicable, as or the to ought it have Affected shall reasonably on and provide the Party in performance any continues the to and event have other such not probable to of Party other later claim its obligations with than material to information be regular materially effect under (and as that this affected the not the Agreement. less other Force by that such Party Majeure weekly) Force may
reports reasonably containing request the information Affected Party to provide.
sh
SHRIKANT
for you gupe the (4) at MIVIJOY SINGH faints Min. Manager of (LRTS) salmays
Xg KUMAR
Crust
Commurcial
TRUSTE India Navraina Undertaking), THE at Delhi-20
(Govt. Inland of Container were foot. Depot, Tughlakabad, NEW 38
19/16
23.5
Effect Operations of Force Date, Majeure if any Force Event Majeure on the Event Concession occurs: at any time after the Commercial
23.5.1 Agreement Before the expiry of this Agreement. shall the the the
Force to and the the duration dates for set which forth in such
23.5.2 The subsistence other Parties Party any of shall the Force Majeurrespective bear Mair respective ar Majeir respective ar Mair respective costs, neither thereof; losses Party shall and/or be required damages to during pay to the the
23.5.3 Save any manner and except whatsoever as expressly to the provided in this Agreement, neither shall in
claims, demands and other Party in respect of Party be liable
any force Majeure Event proceedings or exercise relating of any to right or arising pursuant out any hereto. of loss, occurrence damaged, or cost existence expense, of
23.6 Termination Notice for Force Majeure Event
more its discretion a continuous period of 365 (three hundred and sixty five) days, either Party or
If a Force within Majeure Event subsists for a period of 180 (oné hundred and eighty) days
this Agreement shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, stand
may in terminate this Agreement by issuing a written termination notice,
terminated forthwith; provided that before issuing such Termination Notice, the Party
intending to issue the Termination Notice shall inform the other Party of its intention to
do so and grant at least 15 (fifteen) days time to the other Party to make a representation,
and may after the expiry of 15 (fifteen) days period, whether or not it is in receipt of such
representation, in its sole discretion issue the Termination Notice.
23.7 Exemptions from Performance of Obligations
If the Affected Party is rendered wholly or partially unable to perform its obligations
under this Agreement because of a Force Majeure Event, it shall be exempted from
performance of such of its obligations to the extent it is unable to perform on account of
such Force Majeure Event; provided that;
23.7.1 The suspension of performance shall be of no greater scope and of no longer duration
than is reasonably required by the Force Majeure Event;
23.7.2 The Affected Party shall make all reasonable efforts to mitigate or limit damage to Force the
other Party arising out of or as a result of the existence or occurrence of such
Majeure Event and to cure the same with due diligence; and
23.7.3 Affected Party is able to resume performance of its obligations shall promptly under resume this
When Agreement, the it shall give to the other Party notice to that effect and
performance of its obligations hereunder.
23.8 Change in Law
that in the event of Change in this Law, Article the only 24. relief available to
The the parties Parties under expressly this agree Agreement shall be as set forth in
sh
SHRIKANT YARIA
(LRTS)
Child
Communical
for your <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
yes CONTAINER CORPORATION THE India Navratna Min. at to of Radways
(Govt. Inland of Container were Depot, fruit, UNITED Tughlakabad, NE* Delhi-20
NOTARY H.N. GUPTA
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. OF INDIA
1703/2000
39
101/15
Article 24
Indemnity
24.1
General indemnity
24.1.1 The Terminal Management Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Railway Administration owned and its officers, servants, agents, Government save Authority and
Government Indemnified and/or controlled entities/enterprises, ("Railway Administration
claims Persons") for against any and all suits, proceedings, actions, demands and third
party any loss, damage, cost and expense of whatever kind and nature arising
out of any breach by or on behalf of the TMC of any of its obligations under this
Agreement or any related agreement, except to the extent that such suits,
proceedings, actions, demands and claims have arisen due to negligent any act or
omission, or breach of this Agreement on the part of Railway any Administration
Indemnified Persons,
24.1.2 Subject to the provisions of Railways Act and rules made there under, Railway
Administration will indemnify, defend. save and hold harmless the TMC against any and
all suits, proceedings, actions, demands and third party claims-on account of any injury
or death arising out of breach by Railway Administration of any of its obligations under
this Agreement or any related agreement, save and except that where any such claim,
suit proceeding, action, and/or demand has arisen due to a negligent act or omission, or
breach of any of its obligations under any provision of this Agreement or any related
agreement and/or breach of its statutory duty on the part of the TMC, its subsidiaries,
affiliates, contractors, servants or agents, the same shall be the liability of the TMC and
the Railway Administration shall not be liable to indemnify the TMC for anysuch claims
24.2
Indemnity by the Terminal Management Company
24.2.1
Without limiting the generality of Article 24.1.1 above, the TMC shall fully indemnify,
hold harmless and defend Railway Administration and Railway Administration
Indemnified Persons from and against any and all loss and/or damages arising out
of or with respect to:
(a)
Failure of the TMC to comply with Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits:
NOTARY
Payment of taxes required to be made by the TMC in respect of the income or
other taxes of the Concessionaire's contractors. suppliers and
H.N. GUPTA
representatives: or
N.C.T. DELHI
Non-payment of amounts due as a result of materials or services furnished to
OF
Regn. No. INITIAL
1703/2000
the TMC or any of its contractors which are payable by the TMC or any of its
contractors.
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of this Article 24.1.1, the TMC shall
fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Railway Administration Indemnified Persons
from and against any and all suits, proceedings, actions, claims, demands, liabilities and
damages which Railway Administration Indemnified Persons may hereafter suffer, or
pay by reason of any demands, claims, suits or proceedings arising out of claims of
infringement of any domestic or foreign patent rights, copyrights or other intellectual
property, proprietary or confidentiality rights with respect to any materials,
information, design or process used by the TMC or by the Concessionaire's If in Contractors
in performing the Concessionaire's obligations hereunder. the ni any such suit, action,
for your ATE or in
you CONTAINER (4mm CORPORATION OF IN Chic General Mander ta of Raineys
40
SHRIKANTMAHN
(Govt. Navratna Undertaking).
of India with fort years. at New Delhi-20
the claim TMC or proceedings, shall make every a temporary restraint order or preliminary is
to secure the suspension of reasonable effort, by a injunction granted,
or proceedings, the the injunction or restraint giving satisfactory bond or otherwise,
claim comprised therein, is materials, information. design order. or If, in any such suit, action,
Administration a licence, promptly make every reasonable effort and its use is permanently
enjoined, or the TMC shall held to constitute an Infringement process, or any part thereof
of the TMC shall, at the TMC is unable to secure such licence authorising continued use
the infringing work. If at no cost to Railway Administration to secure for Railway
lime, Standards, either replace its own expense, and without impairing the within a reasonable
infringing work or the affected work, or part, or thereof Specifications with and
part or process, or modify the same so that process it becomes non- infringing. non-
24.3 Notice and contest of claims
In the event is entitled that either Party receives a claim or demand from a third in of
which it to the benefit of an Indemnity under this Article party (the "Indemnified respect
Party"). shall notify the other Party (the "Indemnifying Party") within 15 (fifteen) days
of receipt of the claim or demand and shall not settle or pay the claim without the prior
approval of the Indemnifying Party, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed. In the event that the Indemnifying Party wishes to contest or dispute the claim
or demand, it may conduct the proceedings in the name of the indemnified Party, subject
to the Indemnified Party being secured against any costs involved, to its reasonable
satisfaction.
24.4
Defense of claims
24.4.1 The Indemnified Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to contest, defend and
litigate any claim, action, suit or proceeding by any third party alleged or asserted against such
Party in respect of, resulting from, related to or arising out of any matter for which it is entitled
to be indemnified hereunder, and reasonable costs and expenses thereof shall be indemnified by
the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnifying Party acknowledges in writing its obligation to
indemnify the Indemnified Party in respect of loss to the full extent provided by this Article 24,
the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled, at its option, to assume and control in the defence of such
claim, action, suit or proceeding liabilities, payments and obligations at its expense and through
the counsel of its choice prompt notice of its intention to do so to the Indemnified Party and
reimburses the Indemnified Party for the reasonable cost and expenses incurred by the
Indemnified Party prior to the assumption by the Indemnifying Party of such defence.
24.4.2 The Indemnified Party shall not settle or compromise any claim, demand, action, suit or
proceeding without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party unless the Indemnifying the
Party provides such security to the Indemnified Party as shall be reasonably required by
Indemnified Party to secure the loss to be indemnified hereunder to the extent so compromised
or settled.
24.4.3 If the not be entitled to settle or compromise any shall not
Indemnified Party has exercised its rights under this claim, Article action, 24.4.1 suit the or
Indemnified proceeding without Party shall the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent
be unreasonably withheld or delayed).
of doubt, it is hereby OTAR the Indementying that Party in the exercises event the its
24.4.4 For the avoidance exercises its rights under Article employ counsel, and such counsel
Indemnifying rights under Arti Party shall nevertheless have the Regn No
may its participate.
ADMAR SINGH Manager (IRTS)
GOVT. T.OFINDI
SHRIKANT
Dran you THE chief "
Pitual
41
of no of -
(- THE Navratna Undertakings at
(Govt of India were 1 New Delhi-20
Inland
Contains
511/9/
in such action, of the Indemnified but the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the
expense Party, when and as incurred, unless: such
(a)
the employment of counsel by such party has been authorised in writing by the
Indemnifying Party: or
(b)
the Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded that there be a conflict of
interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party may in the conduct of the
defense of such action; or
(c)
the Indemnifying Party shall not, in fact have employed independent counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, to assume the defense of such
action and shall have been so notified by the Indemnified Party; or
(d)
the Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded and specifically notified
the Indemnifying Party either:
(i)
that there may be specific defenses available to it which are different from
or additional to those available to the Indemnifying Party; or
(ii)
that such claim, action, suit or proceeding involves or could have a
Material adverse effect upon it beyond the scope of this Agreement:
Provided that if Sub-parts (b), (c) or (d) of this Article 24.4.4 shall be applicable. the
counsel for the Indemnified Party shall have the right to direct the defense of such claim.
demand, action, suit or proceeding on behalf of the Indemnified Party, and the reasonable
fees and disbursements of such counsel shall constitute legal or other expenses
hereunder.
24.5
No consequential claims
anything to the contrary centained to this Agreement, of the cost, indemnities expense.
Notwithstanding shall not include any corinrer recovety norespect any including loss
herein provided special, indired cidental or cons equantial this agreement, nature, except as
loss of profit or damage or business of any arising out of or in N.C.T. DELHI with
expressly provided herein.
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INIONA
Rean. No.
24.6
Survival on Termination
The provisions Pro
this 24 shall survive termination or expiry Thill of this Agreement.
from BIR Manager
SHRIKANT
Phol
Commercial
you arrefier CANADA CANADA CANADA
Northern
(Govt. THE in us Delli-20
statem Inland of Container neur Depot, New
101/12
Article 25
TERMINATION
25.1
Termination for TMC Default
25.1.1
Without have under prejudice this to Agreement any other or rights or remedies which
mentioned the issuing agreement, a in Termination para Railway 25,3 Administration of Notice the agreement otherwise, to the shall or non be upon entitled compliance occurrence to Railway terminate of any of Administration a other this TMC Agreement provisions Default may by as of
Termination"); Administration shall provided that before issuing TMC ("Railway the Administration Notice of
Termination Notice by a written notice inform the TMC Termination Notice, Railway
("Railway Administration and grant 30 (thirty) days to the TMC of its intention to issue such
such 30 (thirty) Notice of Intent to Terminate"), to make a representation
Termination Notice days, whether or not it is in receipt of such and representation, may after the expiry issue the of
in writing, subject to the provisions of Article 25.5.
25.1.2 Without prejudice to any other right or remedy which the TMC may have under this
Agreement, upon occurrence of Railway Administration Default, the TMC shall, subject
to the provisions of the Substitution Agreement, be entitled to terminate this Agreement
by issuing a Termination Notice to Railway Administration ("TMC Notice of
Termination"); provided that before issuing the Termination Notice, the TMC shall by a
written notice inform Railway Administration of its intention to issue the Termination
Notice and grant 30 (thirty) days to Railway Administration to make a representation,
and may after the expiry of such 30 (thirty) days of whether or not it is in receipt of such
representation, issue the Termination Notice.
25.1.3 The termination of this Agreement under the provisions of this clause shall be without
prejudice to any rights of remedies to which the Railway Administration will be entitled
to in respect of any acts, matter or things arising before such termination.
25.2
Power to close the portion of the Private Freight Terminal within Railway land or work
it for public traffic
In of the Railway Administration deciding in the public interest Private to close Freight the
the event Terminal or any part or extension thereof or to work of the the Railway system
Aerminal of the Railway being final in this the Railway Administration
Private Freight or any part or extension thereof for public case tariff and as the part service of the notice as
NOT GOVT. H.N. (the hereinafter may terminate decision Ind and of such stated eighty) this shall notice Agreement days be this conclusive previous Agreement by giving evidence notice shall to Agreement Terminal in terminate. of writing the same) Management in certain of such events decision Company : The and 180 Railway on rolling (one the
Boyter to stop traffic shall have and the to absolute terminate right Freight to refuse Terminal at any time or any to allow part or their extension
Administration stock to go on shall or be also used be upon entitled the to Private terminate this Agreement at any time on the
thereof and of the following events:
happening event of of any Terminal Management Company failing to deposit within the time of these fixed
25.3.1
In the purpose any sum SHRIKANT Communical
Crick
43
form you THE THE Int at Delhi-20
Northern
(Govt. strevire of were negor New
101/11
25.3.2
In the the Railway event a a a failing to pay other
25.3.3
In within Railway specified the the Railway event one then month of Administration Terminal within after one the Management in month respect due date after of of Company service the payment Private of failing a or written Freight or in any the to demand event other Terminal any of charges with for a due or payment. sums the payable date use payable not thereof to being the to
Railway Administration, to remove or repair any defect comply any requisition of
Terminal within may endanger the working and which, in the opinion of the
purpose. such time as shall be fixed by the Railway safety Administration of the Private Freight for the
25.3.4 In the event of its Terminal Management Company failing to observe or perform any other
obligation on part herein contained.
25.3.1
of any act of God or other act or circumstances for which the Railway Administration is
In the event of the Private Freight Terminal becoming dangerous or defective by reason
not responsible.
25.3.5
In the event of TMC becoming insolvent or going into liquidation either voluntarily or
under an order of a competent Court.
25.3.6 In the event of Terminal Management Company interest in the works becoming wholly
or partially vested in some other person.
25.3.7 The TMC abandons or manifests intention to abandon its obligations without the prior
written consent of Railway Administration;
25.3.8 The TMC fails to complete the construction of its terminals in accordance with the
requirements of this Agreement within three (3) years from the date of award of the
final approval in case of a Greenfield terminal, and one (1) year from the date of award
of the final approval in case of a Brownfield terminal;
25.3.9 The TMC repudiates this Agreement or otherwise takes any action or evidences or
conveys an intention not to be bound by the Agreement;
25.3.10 the TMC has transferred its rights in breach of the provisions of this Agreement: 25.3,11
an execution levied on any of the assets of the TMC has caused a Material Adverse Effect:
25.3.12 the TMC has been, or is in the process of being liquidated, dissolved, wound-up,
amalgamated or reconstituted in a manner that would cause, in the reasonable opinion
25.3.13 resolution for winding up of the TMC is passed, or any petition for winding up of the TMC or
of Railway Administration, a Material Adverse Effect;
is admitted is appointed and such order has not been set aside Court within except (ninety) for the purpose
by a court of competent jurisdiction and/or a provisional 90 liquidator days of
receiver thereof or the TMC is ordered to be wound up as by of such amalgamation or
H.N. oh amalgamation or entire property, assets and undertaking amalgamated of the are reconstructed
the date reconstruction; provided that, part TMC transferred
N.C.T. the the or reconstructed entity and that of the the TMC under or this Agreement:
Regn. 1703/200@auly Noto amalgamated Was unconditionally assumed the obligations
LOVE
122 provided that:
or reconstructed entity has the capability under and this
OF
(i) operating the experience amalgamated necessary for the performance of its obligations
Agreement
and: reconstructed this entity has and the has financial a credit standing worthiness to
(ii)
the at least of under the TMC Agreement as at the date hereof: and
(IRTS)
SHRIKANT MAHIYARIA
Ord
Commonical
Para THIS THE ta Radways 44
(wrea (Govt. statute Inland of weare Container India were Navratna IST Depot. Undertaking), Tughiakabad, at New Deliv-20
10/9
railway materials land thereof of this (coloured for all sums red in owing the said to plan) and appliances connected
the Management Administration provisions terms of those Company in Agreement respect shall of or termination for have freight them no or of from carriage. claim this Terminal whatsoever Terminal Management against Company therewith the Railway under of and the
Survival of rights
presents or in any manner not Agreement provided for whether by those under presents. any
25.7
Notwithstanding of this Agreement anything shall to the contrary contained in this
including its right to be without prejudice to the accrued Agreement, any termination
deposits, and other claim and recover money, damages, insurance rights or either Party
and obligations of rights and remedies, which it may have in law proceeds, security
either Party under this Agreement, shall survive the or contract. Termination All rights to the
extent such survival is necessary for giving effect to such rights and obligations.
25.8 Terminal termination: Management Company to give vacant possession of land within a month of
On termination of this Agreement Terminal Management Company shall remove its
materials if any from the land of the Railway Administration if given for connectivity and
give vacant possession of the same to the Railway Administration within one month.
Provided that if Terminal Management Company fails to remove its materials from the
land of the Railway Administration within the time specified by the Railway
Administration, the same shall be removed by the Railway Administration and the cost
of such removal shall be realized from Terminal Management Company either from its
deposits or by sale of Terminal Management Company own property within such land of
Railway Administration or by any other means.
25.9
Right to charge interest on money due hereunder to the Railway Administration:
Actwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing clauses of this Agreement from Terminal the
Administration shall have the right to charge as and be recover fixed by the Railway
N.C.T. H.N. ARaApway Management Administ Company from terms time interest to thereof time on at if such any such or sums rates all sums are not payable may paid within by Terminal one of month which Management a from written the
1703/2006 Company date and under if no the such date is fixed, within one month from the date
LOS
demand y made by the Railway Administration.
deduction of money due to the Railway Administration:
Right to Administration shall have the right to to Terminal deduct from Management any amount Company which due or may to
The become Railway the Administration Railway Management Administration Company under any money these construction, presents from or
the Terminal or the or otherwise Terminal. in connection the W the with the
for maintenance freight, haulage or working of the Private freight
SHRIKAN
SINGH
file General KUMAR Manager
Card
46
en HIP - of without Rainoys
(чта (Govt. stateme of recente India - Navratna Depot (se), Undertaking), Tughiskabad, at NO" Prooft-21 Delhi-20
totanti
Container
25.3.14
The
TMC
Terminal Administration commits Management Compl in respect a Company default shall in complying have with any provision 101/10
rolling of the aforesaid stock to go events. on or be of used any upon refusal the by Private the no claim Railway Freight whatsoever Terminal Administration or against of branch this to the Agreement. allow line Railway their
25.4 Termination In the for Railway Administration Default
in
any
25.4.1 provision Railway event of that this agreement any of the defaults or takes related to non-compliance with of
or such Administration fails to any action not to be bound any the material
Administration longer shall period as has cure been such expressly default within a Cure Period by this of 90 agreement, (ninety) days and
Administration Agreement by the Default") TMC be or unless deemed due to the Force to default be Majeure. in has default occurred provided of this as in a result Agreement this Agreement, of any (the breach "Railway Railway of this
25.5
Railway issue a Termination Administration shall, if there be Lenders, send a copy of its notice of
and grant 15 Notice referred to in Article 25.1.1 intention to
behalf of the (fifteen) to the Lenders Representative, to for the Lenders' Representative
Substitution Lenders stating the intention to substitute the TMC making a representation on
Agreement. In the event Railway Administration in accordance with the
representation for on behalf of Lenders, it shall, in its discretion, either withhold receives such
a period not exceeding 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the Termination date of such
representation or suspend the Concession, as the case may be, for enabling the Lenders'
Representative to exercise the Lender' right of substitution in accordance with the
Substitution Agreement:
Provided that the Lenders' Representative may, instead of exercising the Lenders' right
of substitution, procure that the default specified in the notice is cured within the
aforesaid period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days, and upon such curing thereof,
Railway Administration shall withdraw its notice or the suspension referred to above, as
the case may be, and restore all the rights of the TMC:
Provided further that upon written request from the Lenders' Representative and the
TRIC, Railway Administration shall extend the aforesaid period of 180 (one hundred and
eighty) days by such further period not exceeding 90 (ninety) days, as Railway
H.N. GUPTA dministration may deem appropriate.
N.C.T. JELHI
Rega. No. Consequence of termination
703/2000
5.
OF
Incl disconnect railway Company dispose of land and the from (coloured take materials their up railway and thereof red to remove arise on the as the from portion they the said same such may of plan) disposal the think and said the at fit the after appliance, rendering cost first of defraying to connected Terminal Terminal and therewith Management Management and reimbursing disposal and
termination of this Agreement, the Railway Administration Private Freight shall Terminal be entitled within the to
Company surplus (If any) on and Incidental to such taking up, removal of this
Agreement your there and all at at sums all costs owing forfretght.or and Perry to expenses them or A by carriage. - haven the Terminal portion 45 Provided Management of the always said Private Company that Shoul the Freight Railway under Terminal the Administration terms within the
STATE THE not THE THE et MA at of facell-20 Delhi-20
(Govt. ateribrita of Container when Depot. -
101/8
Article 26
Any
Dispute,
difference
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
26.1
26.2
out Administration either Railway resolved for in good resolving of Party or Administration faith, amicably. in to all relation and and the disputes further other the to and or arising agree the Terminal under to or Management in respect of in this Company nature the interpretation) first and howsoever agree instance, so notified to use be between arising their attempted in writing best under Railway to or by be
6
business hours to all non-privileged provide records. each information other with and Agreement data reasonable promptly, access during equitably normal efforts and
pertaining
to
any
Dispute
In and case binding. of any dispute in interpretation of the policy, the decision of MOR will be final
26.3
Conciliation
In referred the event to the of any Dispute between the Parties, either Party
Terminal Railway Administration and the Chairman of may the require Board such Dispute to be
Management Company for an amicable settlement and such of Directors of the
persons shall meet no later than 7 (seven) days upon from reference the date the said
reference to discuss and attempt to amicably resolve the Dispute. If such meeting does of
not take place within the 7 (seven) day period or the Dispute is not amicably settled
within 15 (fifteen) days of the meeting or the Dispute is not resolved as evidenced by the
signing of written terms of settlement within 30 (thirty) days of the notice in writing
referred to in Article 26.1 or such longer period as may be mutually agreed by the Parties
either Party may refer the Dispute to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of
Article 26.4
Arbitration
26.4
26.4.1
Any Dispute, which is not resolved amicably as provided in Article 26.1, 26.2 and 26.3 shall be
finally decided by reference to arbitration by a Board of Arbitrators, appointed pursuant to this
Article 26.4. Such arbitration shall beheld in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration as
OTA
mentioned in the PFT policy or such other rules as may be mutually agreed by the Parties and
shall Be subject to the provisions of The Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The venue of
such arbitration shall be New Delhi, or any other place as may be decided by the Arbitrator
H.N. GUP India and the language of the arbitration proceedings shall be English.
N.C.T. DELHI
No be Board of three arbitrators of whom each party and shall in the select event one of a disagreement and the third
GOVT. Regn.
shall shall a be selected by the two arbitrators so selected be made in accordance with the Rules
OF between bitrator the two arbitrators. the appointment shall "Award"). Any Award made in
any
26.4.3
The arbitrators shall make to this a reasoned Article 26.4 award shall (the be Company final and and binding the Railway on the Parties Administration as from
arbitration held made, pursuant and the Terminal Management Award without delay. that
the such
26.4.5 This and agree Award Administration, effect Agreement may be as the the case in may any and be arbitration and obligations 47 proceedings of the Parties Show au shall Communitie remain in full
26.4.4 date and The it undertake is Terminal enforced to Management carry against out Company the their Terminal respective and the Management Railway assets wherever Administration Company situated. and/or agree Railway force an
Para you TSE X X Chief
CONTAINER (ure (Govt. of THE India were Navratna BT fish, Undertaking). Tught Mr. * NEW to of Delhi-20 known
15
Delhi-20
Article-27
MISCELLANEOUS
27.1
Governing law and jurisdiction
This the laws Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with and
of India, and subject to provisions contained in Artcle-26 The court governed shall have by
jurisdiction over matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
27.2 Waiver of immunity
Subject to as may otherwise be provided under the Railway Act, each party:
(a) Agrees that the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement constitute
commercial acts done and performed for commercial purpose;
(b) Agrees that should any proceedings be brought against it or its assets, property or
revenues in any jurisdiction in relation to this Agreement or any transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, no immunity (other than provided by Railway Act as
amended from time to time) from such proceedings shall be claimed by or on behalf of
the party with respect to assets;
(c) Waives any right of immunity which it or its assets, property or revenues now has, may
acquire in the future or which may be attributed to it any jurisdiction, except present or
future of the mission as defined in the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations,
Consular premises military property or assets, premises and office of the constitutional
authorities and national heritages;
(d)
Consents generally in respect of the enforcement of any judgement or award against it
NOTAR
ht such proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in any
disdiction in connection with such proceedings (including the making, enforcement or
execution against it or in respect of any assets, property or revenues that whatsoever be
H.N. N.C.T. GUPTA Hirrespective of their use or intended use of any order or judgement may made or
Regn.
No.
given in connection therewith).
1703/2000
OF
including partial or conditional waiver, by either party of any of or default obligations by the
Waiver, other Party in the observance and performance of any provisions
under this Agreement:-
(a)
of shall the not other provisions of or obligations under
operate or be construed as a waiver of this any Agreement; other or that subsequent default hereof
48
foxo the (if Yes MATOR KUMAR SINGH (IRTS)
Date
under Chief General Manager
you new form INDIA (TD.
wretter CORPORATION OF ичтого
CONTAINER quant of 1 your). en of
(vive figuratna Undertaking), Mill Profill-20
(Govt. of India went frut, + Delhi-20
water Inland Container Tughla good, New
navraina Undertakingl, Min. cl.Raimays
ateritvire favit, 45
Inland
Con
Depot, To iniskabad, New Delhi-20
1
(b)
representative of the Party; and
shall not be effective unless It is in writing and executed by a duly authorised
(c)
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any manner.
27.3.2 Neither the the failure by the either Party to insist on any occasion upon the performance of
terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement or any obligation there under
nor time or other indulgence granted by a Party to the other Party shall be treated or
deemed as waiver of such breach or acceptance of any variation or the relinquishment
of any such right hereunder.
27.4 Exclusion of implied warranties etc.
This Agreement expressly excludes any warrant, condition or other undertaking implied
at law or by custom or otherwise arising out of any other agreement between the
Parties or any representation by either Party not contained in a binding legal agreement
executed by both Parties.
27.5 Entire Agreement
This Agreement and the Schedule together constitute a complete and exclusive
statement of the terms of the agreement between the Parties on the subject hereof, and
no amendment or modification hereto shall be valid and effective unless such
modification or amendment is agreed to in writing by the Parties and duly executed by
persons especially empowered in this behalf by the respective Parties. All prior written
or oral understandings, offers or other communications of every kind pertaining to this
Agreement are abrogated and withdrawn.
27.6 Severability
If for any reason whatever, any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal
or unenforceable or is declared by any court of competent jurisdiction or any other
NOTA
instrumentality to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any manner, and the
GUPTA will negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing to one or more provisions
N.C.T. H.N. DELHWhich may be substituted for such invalid, unenforceable or illegal provisions, as nearly
Regn. No. practicable to such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. Failure to agree upon
GREAT
1703/2000
any such provisions shall not be subject to the Dispute Resolution Procedure set forth
this Agreement or otherwise.
OF
677
No Partnership
This Agreement shall not be interpreted or construed to create an association, joint
venture or partnership between the Parties, nor to impose any partnership obligation nor
liability upon either Party and neither Party shall have any right, power or authority to
enter into any agreement or undertaking for or act on behalf of, or to act as or be an agent
or representative of, or to otherwise bind, the other party.
should
49
from WILL KUMAR SINGH
SHRIKANT
you нетично/ Chief General Manager
Chat
Communical
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA
1017 related 14200 Diffile
Northern
BRIEF H& WARE 1st. AMPARE pain)
(Govt. of India Navratna Undertaking), Mill. of.Raimays
similaire were first, 1 Previl-20
Cont Depot. Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
27.8
Third Parties
This successor Agreement and is intended solely for the benefit of the
create any duty permitted to assigns, and nothing in this Agreement Parties, and their respective
Party to this Agreement. standard of care with reference to or any liability shall to be any construed person not to a
27.9 Successor and Assigns
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and Inure to the benefit of the Parties and their
respective successor and permitted assigns.
27.10 Notices
Any notice or other communication to be given by any Party to the other Party under or
in shall: connection with the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and
(a) in the case of the TMC, be given by facsimiles and by letter delivered by hand to the
address given and marked for attention of the person set out below or to such other
person as the TMC may from time to time designated by notice to the Railway
Administration:
(b) in the case of the Railway Administration, be given by facsimile and by letter delivered
by hand and be addressed to the General Manager of the Railway Administration with a
copy delivered to the Railway Administration Representative or such other person as
the Railway Administration may from time to time designated by notice of the TMC:
(c) any notice or communication by a Party to the other Party, given in accordance
NOTA
herewith, shall be deemed to have been delivered when in the normal course of post it
ought to have been delivered.
H.N GUATA Agreement to Override other Agreements; Conflicts
N.C.T. JELHI
No This Agreement supersedes all previous agreements or arrangements between the
THE Rega
1703/2000
Parties, including any memoranda of understandings entered into in respect of the
OF
coments hereof and represents the entire understandings between the Parties in
relation thereto.
27.11.2 In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and those
Contained in the IPA, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.
27.12 Consequential or Special Loss
shoul
THE Mivisor KUMAR SINGH (IRT) 30
SHRIKANT
Chief General Manager
Criml
yest were farm forther
Northern
CONTAINER (чта - work Navratna CORPORATION un with Undertaking). or Mill INDIA to of under Rylnays LTD.
(Govt. of India new Port, grands. 45 Delhi-20
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New
101/4
27.12.1 The Parties hereby expressly undertake and agree that neither Party shall be liable for
any incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages (including loss of profit,
business or revenue) that the other Party may suffer pursuant to or under this Agreement
regardless of whether such liability arises in tort, contract, breach of warranty,
Indemnification or otherwise.
27.13
Stamp Duty and Registration Charges
27.13.1
Any stamp duty and registration charges if any payable in respect of this Agreement shall be
borne by the TMC
27.14
Review of Agreement
27.14.1
The Parties hereby acknowledge that there may be infrastructural, technological and
procedural changes on the Railway Administration's rail system, from time to time.
resulting in changes in the Railway Administration's operational framework for
movement of TMC's Trains, which may require appropriate review of this Agreement.
27.14.2
The Parties hereby agree that in the event any such infrastructural, technological and/or
procedural changes are envisaged on the Railway Administration's rail system. both the TMC
and the Railway Administration's shall meet, in good faith, to review the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and to agree on such changes as may be required to this Agreement so as to
give effect to any such proposed infrastructural, technological and procedural changes on the
Railway Administrator's rail system.
27.15
Language
All notices required to be given by one Party to the other Party and all other
communications. Documentation and proceedings which are in any way relevant to this
Agreement shall be in writing and in English language.
27.16 Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which, when executed and
delivered, shall constitute an original of this Agreement.
27.17 TMC will adhered to the provisions contained in Railway Board's letter no 2015/EnHM/15/01
Dt. 16.04.2018 and its etc
issued from time to time regarding prevention of pollution.
27.18 If any etc
takes place, the same
for 1 Amg frie (MI 1 . KUMAR SMGH (IRTS)
the w
SHRIKANT
you Chief General Manager
Child
Commarcial
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD.
media were farrer
(urea require ZNT - work). ta
of India Navratna Undertaking). MA. of Ralways
(Govt. atendrite areas favit, +1 Proffi-20
NOTARY
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Delhi-20
H.N. GUPTA
N.C.T. DELHI
Regn. No.
51
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INCIA
Article 28
COST OF EXECUTION OF AGREEMENT
All expenses in drawing up the Agreement and the cost of Stamping and registration shall be
borne by Terminal Management Company.
"Money receipt obtained from the Registration Office shall be handed over to the Railways for
collection of registered Agreement which shall remain in the custody of Railways. Any charges, if
levied for collection of registered Agreement, shall also be borne by Terminal Management
Company".
Article 29
AGREEMENT IN FORECE FROM
The agreement shall be deemed to have come into force on and from
Article 30
HEAD NOTES
The head notes herein are for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the
construction of these present.
Am (4) MI/VIJOY KUMAR SINGH(IRTS)
shoul
SHRIKANT
you Park BAR THE mere Chief PAINT General or failness INDIA Manager LTD.
Child
CONTAINER (MET (Govt. of accord india Navratna CORPORATION VST - Undertaking), Min. 4$ to of Prooft-20 - Rainways
42% fait, Delhi-20
sind Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New
62 GOVT. OTARY N.C.T. H.N. Regn. 1703/2000 GUPTA OF JELHI No. INDIA *
and IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties to these presents have set and subscribed their respective hands
seals hereunto on the day and year first above written
Signed sealed and delivered for and on behalf of M/s Container Corporation of India Limited
President of India by Shut
(CONCOR), CONCOR Bhawan, C-3, Mathura
Road, Opposite Apollo Hospital, New Delhi -
The
SHRIKANT MAHINARIA
110076
(FULL NAME OF COMPANY WITH ADDRESS)
Chief Commercial Manager/Rator 3 Mkis.
Northern Railway, Hars Office
PRIVATE FREIGHT TERMINAL AGREEMENT
of the Northern Rartie Min istration
REG: MMLP-BARHI PRIVATE FREIGHT
TERMINAL
At Kilometer
gned and delivered by
Signed and delivered
Run 5 fine (* . #y/vor KUMAR SINGH (TATE)
you Chief General Manager
street were PATA failures
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD
a 1sh. name)
(Govt. of India Navratne Undertaking), Rin. of
arease Part, R$ Proefi-20
Inland Container Depot, Tughlakabad, New Deni-25
In the presence of WITNESSES (From Railway
In the presence of WITNESSES (From CONCOR
Side)
Side)
1
(1) Signature
(1) Signature
&
Name DANGH 6/11/2020 meens
Name
Mobg850388823
THAT gar / Samresh Kumar
HERE ware (46 « uR.)/ Assistant Manager (CM)
chos) Rates
Occupation areas Rather Ltd.
Container Corporation of India
Occupation
und HYBR 451 9989 0489 Rev.
A Govt. of India Navaratna Underlaking Min. all Raiwars
Address statema But et
N.Rly. NewDelh. Bareely
Inland Container Depot Tughlahabad New Delhi-20
Address
NOTARY
H.N. GUPTA
*
N.C.T. DELHI
GOVT. 1703/2000 OF INDIA
Regn. No.
Anne NOTARY PUBLIC DELHI
E6 NOV 2020